#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="#INFORMASI AKUN",Join Telegram @iptvindogroup
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoidndiUENGMkciLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiYllKSnltcGZUWjVIbVZHRDBjRitXQnRXdnVRelBvelwvU1dBaGxkWU9Rd1IxcnJjMXZQQWVTdzVHeWEyV1pTclQzZExTZHVXK0NHaERTdTNRSkhmK1wvTUlhWXIwd2xiYzJTTFYxeWU2QnA3ZWh3MWhMTEtQU3d3NnRhNnZMeG9MR1ZISDR4XC9KVElIUjQrZEpKdk5lVCtvSGdcL3hUZElTaE5pR2dMeVVrdktBZE8yNG9qVnZnc0JacmVyNzFOc09SQzFhWGtnRVduYjNBd0lUT0ZsR3RaTzRPRlV3UlBEOVVJbHFBZmtYR1VFRURJbFE0OTZsdHlZVlFtRW1vdnp4VlhPUzd1OU1YaTRCY0RHdzI2TFJsV2tDaW9PZTRqMmVVUk9YR2ZzTVFibHRsVjJVNkNEcjF4SG1zSWk3TUlEaStKQ0VSclJQR1FnUTVwbk5ETkZMQnJiZz09In0=
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="#INFORMASI AKUN",WAKTU KADALUARSA: 20 Desember 2024
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="#INFORMASI AKUN",BATAS PERANGKAT: 9999 DEVICE YANG DI PAKAI: 3
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",RCTI
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",MNC TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="gtv.il" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",GTV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",iNews
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",SINDONEWS TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Trans TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Trans 7
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",ANTV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="rtvint" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",RTV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Kompas TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Metro.pl" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Metro TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="baltijos-lt" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",BTV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",TVRI
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",SEA TODAY
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",DAAI TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",JTV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",JAK TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Bali TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Bandung TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://www.cubmu.com/",Dunia Lain
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://www.cubmu.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NETtv.svn" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Oxygen TV/5.9.240112 (Linux;Android 13) ExoPlayerLib/2.18.1",Net TV (2)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Oxygen TV/5.9.240112 (Linux;Android 13) ExoPlayerLib/2.18.1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Oxygen TV/5.9.240112 (Linux;Android 13) ExoPlayerLib/2.18.1",INDOSIAR
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Oxygen TV/5.9.240112 (Linux;Android 13) ExoPlayerLib/2.18.1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Oxygen TV/5.9.240112 (Linux;Android 13) ExoPlayerLib/2.18.1",SCTV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Oxygen TV/5.9.240112 (Linux;Android 13) ExoPlayerLib/2.18.1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="National TV" user-agent="Oxygen TV/5.9.240112 (Linux;Android 13) ExoPlayerLib/2.18.1",MOJI
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Oxygen TV/5.9.240112 (Linux;Android 13) ExoPlayerLib/2.18.1

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVOne.uk" group-title="News" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",TV One
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="IDXtra.hu" group-title="News" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",IDX
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="bbc-world" group-title="News" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",BBC World news
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="News" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",CNBC Asia
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FoxNews.es" group-title="News" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",FOX News
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="bloomberg" group-title="News" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Bloomberg
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="DW.al" group-title="News" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",DW
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="france24" group-title="News" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",France 24
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiRXM1eENNUkQiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoidEtnRUUxTXJBVkxsSWJocGh1c29yaEpXMGIrTk9oV0toeTVRaXozZDFGaWJwaE9YbDJpWTEycys3Rm10VUVoaUxnejZFU1BkVVk5dEplV0poTzYzTFg2MEpxK29sZnlzMmhhbkthUHo2eXJ0cDRDMTI5R050bG9MMjRYcGF5ZDgzb0JON1VESnk4b0VNaVpmMjA4UFVHM3ViXC9yRUpkcUM3emNTK0J0OGE1T0ZvbjdOTVwvZlZqTXZkWHVJeDYyTjdPcUNkSmwxemcyN0ZiNm5CdUZNazAzSkV5WjFKRzE1b0JHbTZacHVQYnlyXC9VaEtEd1BybVg2cjNrOWNtZFJ0cUZJWUVnUGwxU0xLcFRld2ttNEtRdXVJcGprVzZwN2lhNHJUQTl5Q1Y2YmNMZVlWK2lyMlh3Y2NiNWt0OUhIZElUNmJRZFVGXC9iQUlWRGNwSXFyS0xMWFJoMVI2d0kwMXh5SWNkZmYzeHUzUT0ifQ==|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TRTWorld.uk" group-title="News" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",TRT World
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AlJazeera.nws" group-title="News" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Aljazeera
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="russia-today" group-title="News" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",RT
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="euro" group-title="News" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",EURONEWS
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="News" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Channel News Asia
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="arirang-en" group-title="News" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Arirang
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="WABCNewYorkABCEast.us" group-title="News" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",ABC
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Religion" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",TV 9
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Religion" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Tawaf
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Religion" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",TVMU
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Religion" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Muslim TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="lifenews" group-title="Religion" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",LIFE
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Religion" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Reformed 21
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Religion" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Al Quran Al Kareem
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="EWTN.uk" group-title="Religion" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",EWTN
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Cinemachi
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Cinemachi Kids
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Cinemachi Xtra
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Cinemachi Max
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Cinemachi Action
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Thrill
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Hits Movies
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Celestial Movies
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",CCM
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",TVN Movies
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Zee Bioskop
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",IMC (Indonesia Movie Channel)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",My Family Channel
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",My Cinema
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",My Cinema Asia
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Rock Action
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="galaxy" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36",Galaxy
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|User-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="ExoPlayerDemo/2.15.1 (Linux; Android 13) ExoPlayerLib/2.15.1",Citra Bioskop HD
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|User-agent=ExoPlayerDemo/2.15.1 (Linux; Android 13) ExoPlayerLib/2.15.1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36",Galaxy Premium
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|User-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://www.cubmu.com/",Bioskop Indonesia
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://www.cubmu.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBO.ca" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://www.cubmu.com/",HBO
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://www.cubmu.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBOSignature.pe" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://www.cubmu.com/",HBO Signature
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://www.cubmu.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBOHits.in" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://www.cubmu.com/",HBO Hits
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://www.cubmu.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBOFamily.pe" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://www.cubmu.com/",HBO Family
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://www.cubmu.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CinemaxO.mx" group-title="Movies" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://www.cubmu.com/",Cinemax
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://www.cubmu.com/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Kids" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Kids TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Kids" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Moonbug
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CBeebies.uk" group-title="Kids" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Cbeebies
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="nick-jr" group-title="Kids" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Nick Jr
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Kids" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Zoo Moo
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="nickelod" group-title="Kids" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Nick
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Kids" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",My Kidz
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="cartoon" group-title="Kids" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://www.cubmu.com/",CartoonNetwork
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://www.cubmu.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Kids" user-agent="Oxygen TV/5.9.240112 (Linux;Android 13) ExoPlayerLib/2.18.1",PLANET FUN
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Oxygen TV/5.9.240112 (Linux;Android 13) ExoPlayerLib/2.18.1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Kids" user-agent="Oxygen TV/5.9.240112 (Linux;Android 13) ExoPlayerLib/2.18.1",Spacetoon
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Oxygen TV/5.9.240112 (Linux;Android 13) ExoPlayerLib/2.18.1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Dreamworks.br" group-title="Kids" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36",DREAMWORKS
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|User-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Kids" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/129.0.0.0 Safari/537.36",Mentari TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/129.0.0.0 Safari/537.36

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Animax.in" group-title="Entertainment" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Animax
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Entertainment" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Food Travel
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiQmJRb1JhcTUiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiVXFITkpGVTJiTlpmN2xmR0VhSU11UmNjK3RBOURmTEN4SmkzVEZxbTJXUTlPZG1MYUNKcnVlbUhaeFg1ckJ5TFcrMktGcFFZZ0RLZDBXd09Td0prUW5oTWlXSmpkaUc3eHcrc2ZSQXRBN0V3SjFPUTdaRVpWUEZqa3NKM09ySFBBdmFnejBBZ3owdnFYSnZES3FxdUJlQzFOMDFuZUl0R1QzOXhOYk5aNllBYVpseCtzZzFGNWtvVHFhWEVwT1FsUVwvVGFnb3puNmtFOVl3V3dmdG5GMVdXRk5UMkZPQzVpemU4Z1NwWGg4dzlZRmxDXC9jQlhiaXQxSUJ4VzJ3K3Q5UkEzc1NRTGR0eGNtVnVCdXN0QWczS1R4XC9ZUXV3MHg5aGdjV1pqMHpPUXFzamVKTTRkWXBqY2dZY2ljVXNOZzJCV3NMZVwvMXRKTFo4WmFsYWh2MzRYbmRrdzllVDhmUmFFb2hQWUxaeURjRT0ifQ==|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Entertainment" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Entertainment
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVN.cl" group-title="Entertainment" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",TVN
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="One.mt" group-title="Entertainment" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",One
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Kix.uk" group-title="Entertainment" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Kix
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Nhk.br" group-title="Entertainment" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",NHK World Premium
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SkyCinemaBestOf.de" group-title="Entertainment" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Hits
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AXN.it" group-title="Entertainment" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",AXN
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Entertainment" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",FMN
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Entertainment" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Vision Prime
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Entertainment" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Celebrities TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Entertainment" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Okezone TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Entertainment" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Rock Entertainment
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CrimeAndInvestigationNetwork.uk" group-title="Entertainment" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Crime Investigation
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Entertainment" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Celebrities TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiMHBkYW9rd0giLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiZHIzMlVQOTdGYUNrdjBoU3RiOW5tZU9SWmg5alFwNjQ2VnVlZFFkWDJ0TXdtMm40ZHBzR0k5cW9BamVuS2Q4VmxFcmROUHJaYU43OVMrRXdtMFZvdEV2U1wvUExrQ2hkWWJ1ekZnbFZPUFVBcDkyMUFoTmVWSHlEejFuUUlYWHBMMmlEWXE0TVRcL2VlOVFEdDhKOTI5dERZQ09kTXNUTW9ES0t3RGVYaVwvbVpEd3dyWUpBXC9CZDczWm02Q0gxSEcyQkxtZmg1bDJjWm9xbG9xZWZ2d0p2bGNNS1owOWorSlNmaGNySHlZak1TZlV0MDl4UUtiSTQ2UFNsVk1pdHV2d1RpY0ZPQWplOEUrQVN2QThPUXhEYk5jbDVpcUp2QlQrVndPcmVNdE1HSWhma1Y4TXVpSVFYUEJWSDBsdWFoRHp4TE9MMEpLYm0zV1k0V1lkNktoRVhPcmFcL0wyZlVlMnU0OFNySVZwc2JXV2c9In0=|Referer=https://visionplus.id/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Lifetime.uk" group-title="Knowledge" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Lifetime
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="outdoor" group-title="Knowledge" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Outdoor Channel
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BBCEarth.hu" group-title="Knowledge" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",BBC Earth
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Knowledge" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Global Trekker
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="history-rus" group-title="Knowledge" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",History
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="LoveNature.uk" group-title="Knowledge" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Love Nature
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Knowledge" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",CGTN Documentary
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CGTN.ro" group-title="Knowledge" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",CGTN
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="wild-hd" group-title="Knowledge" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/129.0.0.0 Safari/537.36",NatGeoWild HD
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|User-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/129.0.0.0 Safari/537.36

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Sportstars
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiZ0Q2dXFja3YiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiKzZpTmxyUE9WejFBQXlISHJ6b3lGNUM4Qk1TNWxTUFA3YWZSTjZNb0tCcUx3SjlmcGQyODllVHhJQkltemZTUDJPWVREZmlPQkJ5Qnhia0lUMGVmTHJweGVjUzlNb0Uza3NZY3p2NmVyNDdyYldXMXpsSzNPVkR0b0hFcXd0V1BjME0yYUhucUo3NDJyWEdrQ0tiU2ZHRnA0cDlSdTNRdXVuRk53N2h4cEs3WkFaaEFGTUFFVWZHTXJITGRTVkZYQ3VKeGltVnpZNXpyaTdiMm5pWFUxR3R5ZXN5dWpTRFREZlZHOVA5ckpReFZrcjFoYU9sK3NCK3llMGZ5SVcxRWN5M2RRaDIwWDJlV1FZR1JxY0NTSmxKaGhvbUFSNDNBU2FBMGN1T3o1eTJkV1lTbWwwcTU5VFNUWnY5M0ZjeUgwN043K3lCbHBvd0l3UzN4Skg4QW9KWSt0Q0RFQnhsRkt6Q2lYWURMNk9vPSJ9|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Sportstars 2
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="futbol" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Soccer Channel
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",SpoTV 1
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",SpoTV 2
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FightSports.es" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Fight Sports
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BeINSports.es" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",beIN SPORTS
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="beinSports2.fr" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",beIN SPORTS 2
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="beinSports3.fr" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",beIN SPORTS 3
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BeINSportsMAX4.es" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",beIN SPORTS 4
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BeINSportsMAX5.es" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",beIN SPORTS 5
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",V+ LIVE
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",V+ Sport
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",V+ LIVE 3
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",V+ LIVE 4
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",V+ Live 5
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiSnU5ZzFlTnAiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiSHZObFBNdkNNazYzMlIzNDlUSTRyZWxYMWZTckIydGhjXC9RRzZmQzBEcUlvalJZbVFGcjlZVUROWFhjcllERjFQNW1iZ2xmTmpYbUdoZ1VzUmpyTU1CWkgwU0xiTlpcL2ErSGdcL2JWdm9oM0ZGb2thRTdwWFI0eHNmMXNyTmJFUUZKcDZrTURRZ3BhUUFiWXg3ZFBIOGRkUkxZeUE2YVFNdkZtMTU1Z2pWbXhYTlBIZURzR2IyUWxFaU1jOVFEK3pLdjNRdU05UGgwU29temJOTEhiWVFhRDdXZUhtQkpodGNRWHprZG5QdURYdjlBekF5dG1sejQwSGU3ajNVdFMwMnVUTjVTMFpHbVNSWENTWklDUDkwNkVNUW04S3MxOU1RZlN6aHdua3YrSHZudkdGXC9DcVwvUlA1NEZmbGFcL0UweHZVNXJKemEzSVYwU21pWERjZlR1NHVmKzNZOGNGalwvbzZFMXJjZlZOXC9Kdkk9In0=|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",TNT Sports 1
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",TNT Sports 2
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",TNT Sports 3
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",TNT Sports 4
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",TNT Sports 5
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="PremierSports1.uk" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",Premier Sports 1
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="PremierSports2.uk" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",Premier Sports 2
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NBA.blt" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",NBA TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ESPN.uk" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",ESPN
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ESPN2.br" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",ESPN 2
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FoxSportHD.il" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",FOX SPORT
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FOXSports2.us" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",FOX SPORT 2
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FOXSoccerPlus.us" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",Fox Soccer Plus
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SkySpFball.uk" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",Sky Sports Football
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiMlVmbXZLNHciLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoicTdrOCswdjVNU0lJRVFUODArTnpDS0daYlozNk40NEJ2b25HbWgzeWx3V2FcL3IrVzhIXC9hNlZiRkR6a1d0S1ZjaGt0NFllUlprcWdGSTBzM1djZjR3R1pFWnVmOWswSU9ncW42WWluUytoTkNyOU9nQUN4NzVxUHgyczhWVkhITENQR2FwZ0l1cG9OVWthbU1Ob0w1UHp4YU9yZVwvV3JxNlFhYWRYdldMVGpmYlQzelpZYWV4ZWNDeUZ2TmNqZncwcDFQQ2V0QTNzcVplXC9PV2Y4OVZJNnFhelplZCtzbDRRMkVFV0U3bERvcVFWdXU5R2RpVWdtZGRHR29nNHJwZFNXN3JFM0pCeWpqWFlRYlk2TGhscUIzTVpGRE1DYkN1Ukk1ZWVIaFZweXVWancwNXJraHRyTHJWUTVhbGZSXC9UTDNUNFkxYUV1bTI2OHJTbkZ4RTlcL3VmWWFRdWtPZEVWblAwODViaGJLTjNYeUhta2pMOXVxeGM4NEdHbWVVTERRIn0=|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SkySpMainEv.uk" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",Sky Sports Main Event
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SkySpPL.uk" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",Sky Sports Premier League
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SkySpAction.uk" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",Sky Sports Action
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SkySpMix.uk" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",Sky Sports Mix
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SkySpArena.uk" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",Sky Sports Arena
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SkySpNews.uk" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",Sky Sports News
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SkySpCricket.uk" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",Sky Sports Cricket
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",Sky Sports Tennis
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SkySpF1.uk" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",Sky Sports F1
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SkySpTheOpen.uk" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",Sky Sports Golf
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AtTheRaces.uk" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",Sky Sports Racing
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TennisChannel.us" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)",Tennis Channel
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|User-agent=Spotify/8.5.51 iOS/13.1.2 (iPhone8)
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Sportstars 3
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Sportstars 4
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Music" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Music TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="mtvlive-hd" group-title="Music" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",MTV Live
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="mtv-rocks" group-title="Music" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",MTV 90s
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Lifestyle" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Anhui
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Lifestyle" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Xing kong TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Lifestyle" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Shanghai Dragon
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Lifestyle" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Hunan TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoib1htQ0xxcmUiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiQWZSTFFuWVFCQXVlbFJmR1haOG5NUW9XTFJOUGhTa0Rxc0VCZWMrTHZYeVhzS3diRENVak5YaklhWFNqdm9RUkc5dldcL1ZnQUY5OEhoZUpBNkJoaWJqcFoybEt5em55djJpQUhFd2lEQnlXUUFxc2hpb3RQcWtrbklvS0JQaFlFRTM5cHNURTFDekFwUzRVeTE1QTVKMWhWZ1FScHZCSitNdVwvZ05xZzZYeWJsaENDUnVrXC8rOFR6bkFcL1drcFBrXC9GdkI1amhBYlhvVDBtZjlBY2lnUVJBYldoTGNKQXdEQ1RyNmZ4ZGt6bzNWb2duSHJBR092eXUzQVE0OUF1d3JVMktMYTE4RHRYRkJncEdUaUtWM2xheHRoQk5ZMDVVTjVhNkZtSFdvOGtwTVJTdGhIbzkydTcrakRQWFZQbzVnQmJvT20rcnRGeXFqd24xT3lub3Axc1hwa2JYdWtxUGZcLzRtcVwvY1ZwTXRMWT0ifQ==|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Lifestyle" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Jiangsu TV
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NHK.tr" group-title="Lifestyle" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",NHK
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="tv5monde" group-title="Lifestyle" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",TV5Monde
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Elche vs Racing Santander
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiYTdLU3UzVjQiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoicWs1V3crUm1qUnR0ekI3Q0J6cm5EbFh3UGFSalpkQ2JlU0g3UjJpNHZQMWZmQ1lQV29PMGp6MjQxc3htNFZiNnJqcjVCdHNLYllyUzNnWWNwWFhGckJGTnRMeWpUWWQ3V1V1N2tFZHlCRmJJeVwvVGV3MnpMd2x1RUJrK2FlUmRHRytcL0dOT1dqS0tjMFNVbmJqQnE2UGxXSXFqbWZwMXpTeHc3ZXFPbFlGQkJYdmVvMFwvNTg4XC9TNmNmalNwcXQyM3FVWlwvaytaMTk2ZUt5bVI1b0Qwb2FTUDNra2dcL2hrQXJSc2Fwa0c5SU04UXZtTm9Db0FDXC9XMHRsdWg1cjdlOU51cWNiM25Jd1FXM29POW1BcGVDdmZiMVwvNTZTbVdTZUV0ZVI0V1pGV05jaGt1YXZZa1dRMllFekJtRFF6dHpFbW9PeU44QkdJTlhKTjVuMU5CMWpHOEYya0M3M0wyajJHSGJka2VHZ0hpME5NSlI2b29IRXE2U0tuVkhza1pVVmsifQ==|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Panathinaikos vs Dinamo Minsk
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Larne vs Gent
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiT0Nrb0k3djEiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiQ2ZwcTVPUjJSWWJQaEdoMU85SHk3Z3QxRU5sZ1R4Z1F5VXBEaDN1dUowTUZ0NW02WWl6ZDZaMkJnd0dJV25SMkQrTUM2VW4rNTI4S0srQVl6cjRGdStTRlU3MUtWVnZxUlVScEtTNTFDNFBza1lUZ3hpZHlOMTk2UU5ySXNJRlFJdjRQZXBpVFczNXltRURTcHlLTjg4VTJzeFFlMFR1eEFScllqeUJhXC80ZkFrblg2YlMrUDBGeXI2VWlOQjMxQVhuWmNnWUFFclFJZmlFMktFdk5GOXNzaXo0MkZ0eEVBWWtic3R3cWRycWtGaEhUMFd0YjZvS2xGb0VPSnJOSHhOY2F4OUFyZXFrVUwzemE3MisxMmx2RXJ3OVVBQTVrTlo0eHRZQmNWMWRsVEpEcXpFYVFLb1pPVnpMT1F0YnZIMisyTGxRNVdPY2pERmxiWEZwSmNSUDgrZG1xa0FJTTlrcWVLaUZOb0hWM0pRUVdZbFlVQlp1aGtWcWNmUU5MTiJ9|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Celje vs The New Saints
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Djurgården vs Legia Warszawa
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",LASK vs Víkingur Reykjavík
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",APOEL vs Astana
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Molde vs Mladá Boleslav
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Jagiellonia Białystok vs Olimpija
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Lugano vs Pafos
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Real Betis vs HJK
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Borac vs Omonoia
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Heart of Midlothian vs Petrocub
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Rapid Wien vs Copenhagen
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Cercle Brugge vs İstanbul Başakşehir
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Heidenheim vs St Gallen
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Bačka Topola vs Noah
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiUWZIYkZEdDYiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoidTVCcUR5V2RJam5LN3FWZFwvK1E1SExFSmhNQ01kR1orR1hjazV2amFHU1dYTkloTXZLRlJrWVh5bFM4WmQ1V3NhR0dpcnMxaVZjem9tTEtxeURIZ1VlZmt1c2hTdUlBbU9kcVY2SjFkcjVCUEhjenNtY3ZMYjNlWXZhemQxVytJMVhMQXRONWVCSWdkYW9EUys1cEM1VDltRGd0Q1wvOTJZRXgxN1RuN0xZaDQ4UmFDN25mM0tzUDVCTHhwdU45cUFWbk52ejlpXC9IRWh6VmQyNWdMTE8zK1Y4R3BObUtWaE9QMitBZFhkOHlmYUVJWUhISXBhYlNLZHZKU3JOdlEzNm9cLzlKbmdXYnMyR1d3RzJqK0NMMm5XRWpNV1ZYRHlqZ3BOK01udElBMEs1b3RFMjh1a1hacnNCSzd3eG1odmRpeFgrU21SWXlWVnlxeFVNYjF3UVJkUTk1VjJFUXFwUHlxVGlvekpPU2xWK2t6T0g1RjdqbFVuV1l0XC9EenNGdVQifQ==|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Inter vs Udinese
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Tottenham Hotspur vs Manchester United
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Adelaide United W vs Melbourne City W
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Western Sydney Wanderers W vs Perth Glory W
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Adelaide United vs Sydney
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Leixões vs Mafra
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",RKC Waalwijk vs PEC Zwolle
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",FC Bayern München vs RB Leipzig
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Salernitana vs Brescia
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Motherwell vs Kilmarnock
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Westerlo vs Mechelen
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Hellas Verona vs Milan
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Luton Town vs Derby County
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Rouen vs LOSC Lille
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Girona vs Real Valladolid
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Casa Pia vs Arouca
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Wellington Phoenix W vs Sydney W
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Auckland vs Western United
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Newcastle Jets W vs Brisbane Roar W
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Brisbane Roar vs Perth Glory
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Melbourne Victory vs Melbourne City
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Vizela vs Porto II
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Hamburger SV vs SpVgg Greuther Fürth
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Portsmouth vs Coventry City
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Aston Villa vs Manchester City
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Bristol Rovers vs Wrexham
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",SD Eibar vs Granada
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Getafe vs Mallorca
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Torino vs Bologna
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Portimonense vs Academico Viseu
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Sassuolo vs Palermo
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Mantova vs Frosinone
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Panathinaikos AKTOR Athens vs Baskonia Vitoria-Gasteiz
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Paris Basketball vs Fenerbahce Beko Istanbul
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Real Madrid vs AS Monaco
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Alabama State vs Norfolk State
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Charleston Southern vs North Alabama
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Utah Jazz vs Detroit Pistons
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Buffalo vs Georgia
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Charlotte Hornets vs Washington Wizards
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Oklahoma City Thunder vs Orlando Magic
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoieE1kTDVJNFUiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiOHdkaHNLb2k5Q1ltYTR5TWFlVjlXZldOeXNIa0tRT3d3Q2RIdlZGbThyb3luZjR2a1RYZFl5bTB5S0I2RDJpSmxEb0R1TnhqT2V1ZlpOQjZWblRKclJJMkVsejVLTjFvOWg4Tk56MDR3aXpXMVRXNkYzdHlXdDN4TDBuNTVER21RcURqVFVmRDhIWGRqc0l3U0VyNUhqenJBOFRjQ3lpWGdHdTZzWEhEdCttRXcyU0g0dm5veGxjXC9NMWZldDBoMDg4bWJRem1zR2kwNFVSTXg3czVVdEtROHRQSTBsQTBCYTBFbjhzOE91M1dNWDlNVUttRGlwb3dlTjBaMUllcVU4YXpZdE0ycnh2OURPVkFPeEFnNVwvQ3Uwek5HbkZ4QTlUWnJWNnJkckdjdlhUUEtPaGhNSEZHZWZEemdmNDBwbytQOTFmaUw3OFhwWCtjNTBFUW9xSm9hK0hWR0cwc2ZTOUcxVmRwcWZFK3JMTEt4Sjc3V1l5clJOMWVqajM5UTUifQ==|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Chicago Bulls vs Boston Celtics
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Brooklyn Nets vs Toronto Raptors
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",New Orleans vs Texas
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",New York Knicks vs Minnesota Timberwolves
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Golden State Warriors vs Memphis Grizzlies
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",New Orleans Pelicans vs Houston Rockets
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Atlanta Hawks vs San Antonio Spurs
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Los Angeles Clippers vs Dallas Mavericks
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Tennessee State vs Southern Indiana
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Indiana Pacers vs Phoenix Suns
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiV0RMN2k4SmwiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiSVdtV2h4RDgxMVJuNFlzMGhHSXJ5VDZXaElCd3hhZlp1clhPRk41V3JpeHZEWElXU2VqeUVaM1NjeGx1VlRNRklWazRRSTc4K0JMSEtEQ2RrOVRUSDNOSUpqTmlURFwvRWFMTXVXMVVBQnFVTmQ2WGJUYmc4NnNVeEZYSkRkY29KVm5hR2g1b2hDcDRFeDJlbmNEN1ArbGYyWFU1elNFOHpwVDVxY3p4SGVLaGlqcDFTN2ZuZUt4T1JyelJoNkR3SDJFTDBYY0RFaHI0K2ErZHdqU0xaczlZbDhVVWVhekVzUFFQM1hSK0xQSVVLUjJ3bEIxZ09SOUx3OENkQW5KazB0eWp4K2lJbVwvWU1EblV5TWozcytLbnFQSCtiQWt3VkZRU1RkR2FzSGdYUUxadzhTMytsVVM2VnhYbTZhSnA3bW1tdGxmNVpqWTNkZXQ4dTdkSklFc0o2MU9FdXBNeHFRN0xcL2hNcVhJYlpcL2krYWF0dTQ1SEx4Vkk1TEF3Nmd6ZCJ9|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Los Angeles Lakers vs Sacramento Kings
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Denver Nuggets vs Portland Trail Blazers
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Anadolu Efes Istanbul vs Partizan Mozzart Bet Belgrade
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Valparaiso vs Western Michigan
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Zalgiris Kaunas vs LDLC ASVEL Villeurbanne
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Houston Christian vs #17 Texas A&M
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Virtus Segafredo Bologna vs FC Barcelona
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Olympiacos Piraeus vs ALBA Berlin
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Valence Basket vs 7Bet-BC Lietkabelis Panevėzys
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Crvena Zvezda Meridianbet Belgrade vs Maccabi Playtika Tel Aviv
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",EA7 Emporio Armani Milan vs FC Bayern Munich
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Charlotte Hornets vs Philadelphia 76ers
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Milwaukee Bucks vs Cleveland Cavaliers
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Texas Wesleyan vs Stephen F Austin
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Oklahoma City Thunder vs Miami Heat
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",App State vs North Texas
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Brewton Parker vs West Georgia
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",University of Health Sciences & Pharm vs Indiana State
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Lamar vs Texas Tech
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Wright State vs Eastern Michigan
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Georgia State vs Troy
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Boston University vs UMass Lowell
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",East Texas A&M vs South Florida
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Georgia Southern vs Texas State
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Central Michigan vs Arizona
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Texas Southern vs Abilene Christian
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Raptors 905 vs San Diego Clippers
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Los Angeles Lakers vs Sacramento Kings
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Miami Heat vs Orlando Magic
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Mexico City Capitanes vs Wisconsin Herd
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Memphis Grizzlies vs Atlanta Hawks
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Jeddah Day 2 - Match 34
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiRDIzdm5VWUkiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoibDQ3bzN6Q2d1dWM5WXZpSFNNVEFmaURubjRiSDJJTW1QK2paN3Mzcld0OUE0ZHBvQjVQYmNsTTFmOTJ4RjJLMFNzOGlydzc0bHdQZ0pURWxqYm82S3BFVm01ZTMreFJsNDZ2MEkwZnR1XC9PcnQ0aGExU2pEUWtCVmRzdlcwSnp0bFpaTG9FQ0tGNHJtTUJwaUFjRnlabDRDTm5mZTBcL2JTQlFoTXZxcWVqZm92bWg1SWwzUzN3aHdsXC9hWk9hMEIxYnhHZGRYZEhTTlVoMlwvQXFRZ2RiQVduNFE4YW05MHcrNzBMTEpZZ0Fwa0V4RFg3TzFjSGpLNVUrZjNRb0VjSEJyUk01Z1hTRktGWjgzVmFFQW5kbVd2Nys5SklaUFJUT0k1c1wvM2N5QmQ3Q1JtSHdVeFpSSmptcW5XT0ZLYXJ1M0xJWllZcldEbTZUeFgwa3ltczVHUndUeHBYTVRwOHpjQmhkbEpZSjUyVHVYM1BTQ2Q5MElVR09HWXRPUncxa20ifQ==|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Jeddah Day 3 - Match 12
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiMWd2MGtSUFEiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiQzd6TWRyOEY5RnUrYTV4dTZkc0Y3OUZkb3JlUXNtN1pQU3prclg4QkRXaVFBRUVVVlNHUHJlT0Rib215Mm9EVVJxaFVPeGt1cmZ0SEFRb0RUa2R1ZmNYOGs5S0w4dHdxMlFaRlZhWmRcL0ZPK1oxa1B6R2kyNVwvSk5SOWFjSXU2dGF4MWpKSWhVamMrK3FFbHhKNHpCcU9Ca2FyTVVDSjlGY1JQaWpvRGdRc3hXRlB4VkdcL1hHeU1wWEl6ZTRqNFlqc2JCOXpcL3BrRnNOZTBOWFpnclRGYytXdVNFUnpxZ3NtOFlmSndNUklvVDlXS1hHU3htN0tzdVhPeWIxbzJZdXhQRTFqVUY4V3pyamRReHVyZnprV2hKQ0ROV01abWZaXC9iZzduNG1rTW4yY3A5bU16Q2ZhRjJlTldlZXgrMzV3eVwvQU1VRE1uVVBaZDRxK1h4YlFITGRzXC85OGNUNDI0UUtJY1FNZHJYSFExXC8xWENVcTQ3MXVaTTN1Nk5lT3R2UEEifQ==|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Barcelona Finals Day 2
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Barcelona Finals Day 3
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Jeddah SF 1
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiaTVtOTRPeFEiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiWnljWGsweDNrbGhERTVWbEJCaW1RZk1VeVwvN2N0YmtNUGV2Yk9aOVhnXC93bTFwWkU5aFZWNmRkMWJzV0xBd1VYanl1Q1hNYUtJVERiVzJMeVVkOFphQ2QzOUwzVHZScllkZFE5QlJrNnZwYlR4RXhiTEUxSnY4QXp0N204YjJkTWdYa05tUktyZHdtT20xUTFNZmdON2NjK05oZGVFQldXaVJrOXdPZ0V4QWNXVkw0WTJEVHV5dDQxMEpTQXRYOXJCUmZueThmU0hvMHB4eE1NVkowUk9oVjluTHBScDFncTljOGt0Z2RPU0JVem5DMnN0TkViUkI4MHYwZmUzdXYxdUhBODV4K0ZjWEhrZnpBbTdNKzcrelVHQ21aa2NYSUx2eWVEeUZ2TjNcLzAxSnlQYkNPVWZleU1TTndDais2SVFwWmN3OTZRZCtkc0dmYXV5RG9GUUNLTlppelZRVVRcL3k2NDh3M1dcL2Z3R0RyT1hDYjdpK1RjbHVmRHpGZmdHWm4ifQ==|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Barcelona Finals Day 4
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",St Louis Blues vs Tampa Bay Lightning
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",New Jersey Devils vs Columbus Blue Jackets
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Los Angeles Kings vs Philadelphia Flyers
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Pittsburgh Penguins vs Nashville Predators
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Seattle Kraken vs Chicago Blackhawks
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoid0MzdTV6Y0giLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiS216aGRFRHFNNVdBOWM4NlFuMEZrV0VQZHpZVHl5QkgzSEVSd1R6c2VFaThFRE9vbVJubjV5aXhGaFd5Kzd3UDBGeVdCcGFHWldOeHQ1RlBtVGwrSkloOXhGRUNuZmFPaCtiMXcycWw0Rkh1bFFyWGNCbWhUcnJKZ0tpQXF3cTl5SlQ3Q0JWbmRyMis1K1NkRkZCM2hRY1krTDZlMFo5WlI4N2FxRmI0ckhJMmFaREtLeTQ4UWxzTm1qc2gySjNYdXg5TnBoTHNLQXpUelhOUVljbjhVK3NaNkU0MzEzK0hDSjJvODZ4XC83UXRPbCtwcU1aaHNtNUkwUGZtKzRcL2tRd1lhcjQ4NDhsblNIbG83UGhPYzBpZXU4SEdLNm5aR1AyTGJjc2J2UFdXcnJCRDc0a0RUOGR2TjJvaXpkaCtkOVR4a1NOUUw2c3k4bUVhQUJqNDFSRmZYb0VzdnUrbkVEdDRYek9MSkg0SWtuaXlRYkFaamRJdElHdzlETVpoVnMifQ==|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Ottawa Senators vs Calgary Flames
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Boston Bruins vs Edmonton Oilers
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Vancouver Canucks vs Vegas Golden Knights
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Colorado Avalanche vs San Jose Sharks
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Toronto Maple Leafs vs Buffalo Sabres
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Carolina Hurricanes vs Washington Capitals
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",St Louis Blues vs Florida Panthers
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Montréal Canadiens vs Detroit Red Wings
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Utah Hockey Club vs Minnesota Wild
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",New York Rangers vs Dallas Stars
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Colorado Avalanche vs Anaheim Ducks
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Los Angeles Kings vs Nashville Predators
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Chicago Blackhawks vs Calgary Flames
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",San Jose Sharks vs Edmonton Oilers
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Buffalo Sabres vs Boston Bruins
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",New York Islanders vs Toronto Maple Leafs
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Detroit Red Wings vs Montréal Canadiens
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Pittsburgh Penguins vs New Jersey Devils
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Columbus Blue Jackets vs Philadelphia Flyers
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Minnesota Wild vs Winnipeg Jets
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Seattle Kraken vs Vegas Golden Knights
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Ottawa Senators vs Vancouver Canucks
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",AfrAsia Bank Mauritius Open Second Round
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiSzJYUk9HbFciLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiMWJuT1BBNUFyM2x6bzZxMTRBVENHYytMM29mbERaXC9mVzlUckJDWndvNnptYXN3bkNmRTJ6M1BMd2dJZDlXSHhIdWdCeExWOHF3S1pFZXlLc0lUZU9sVzFnWUdlV0tObm1QTDBWeWp2XC9pTVZQdUZDTThHWlltZk9wVDJcL2JCXC90ZFBibG52QjZYSmpVSTFRVXFMazNWMkJ1YXdqOVJiTlJ1aXVQczBGcXVBeUdBTzNCK1wvdnYwYjB0enlYUjZzY0NRQzQ5eEhpK2pBcGNqRXpkcGxjSzRcL3BQWndvNTNvWFdJdjRXeUlhMDZveFp1M1pnVjhoSnd6RURVbVFBQWxxSmpqXC80WEoxTCtYWDhKVFZENVNjdUllNCtJQ1wvRjV3Vll1UCsxMzlCeHE4aFk1c1NIbjVFemFFQkEzbkJiZFwveiswaWQyYk1jdk8yVEU5cXNaaFJrNlcrQ01cLytsdDdVbU0wTEROWVwvUGJ3Z21uOWlsUk5BWHlaYXlqakxOZ2FZZXYifQ==|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",PNC Championship Pro-Am
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",AfrAsia Bank Mauritius Open Third Round
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",PNC Championship Day 1
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",AfrAsia Bank Mauritius Open Final Round
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Toros vs Licey
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Águilas vs Estrellas
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Gigantes vs Escogido
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Licey vs Toros
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Estrellas vs Águilas
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Águilas vs Escogido
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiMmhZU3JJa3YiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoicjRiQUtmZlUraEdDeHE4Q1A1dGdjaFdKakFKQVd4aUkzUzFPQmc0d3lSbEJcL1pkNjF0UDh5d1BCVitHXC9mazNoR09GVjVFcktCZzFxdnd3TU10UkZralhYRDMxMVJhMVZsQkllRWNWRnBOc00xbzRTVzJsYURLMzNXTm5wSXVSZlQ4bWFpa09OWnBlOThDQzlhc3U0RCs0XC9Vb3J2bkV6amN5UWJmVFNrN3hBTEpIM0R0OHFQdlhXUlUrZmg4T3V5U1wvV3RGZDNYek50RnkxemhnOFh2R2pCbnZIcXpPb3M1dTZpNHBCZmFOalM4cGFLcEJqTzIxK1hiODV3SlYxajVkWXFNMVJCUzhxOERFenh1bDF5ZHBrUytTZzhYajVjK0V2NkVuSGZ5c2hjSURHVE1kOHV5SHV0dmgxZXk4elwvOG5pamhDZ3FcL1EydkdxeHcxOXlBUDFXS3ptYTJKNEEzNzN3Nm9GYzNXNEM5T085T1RMNkFuR0dkSno5WW03alZKIn0=|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Gigantes vs Toros
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Licey vs Estrellas
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Usyk vs Fury 2
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",KARATE COMBAT 51
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Rise World Series 2024 Final
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Deck The Jaws 2024
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiSHd0T3B1bU4iLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiaTdZU0RmeEs5MGk2K2R2QlFQSGkrWk5mcFE5NFlZckNoYUN2SmhIb2pPZ3hIcmhFckFsU0xXb3R4dWZYTGpFaGhpTGdrRCtra2pMR0pMU2JoNStVU0pJVGtYOUpXUWRpRSsxVnlHRElrYUZmQ2xDSlN2SUIyWWs0M3ByM2JPbkV3cmhMQ3JiUllCVGd4WkZ1K09YNHliYmFLOWg4a1g4cXdlanZYb05QM0xwK25BeGxGTmV4eTA4bGd1ZmJqXC9hdmJNbWZNWExKdnZiYnZGNnBucmVWNSswVitza3gybkUrV3JQOTZ4MHBcLzNDNGJMcmVQVFVGanpMRDBGa245RTNoRnlIeEJnblwvNzZGUUh5SGVcL21vM1poS0czcFwvNTNPSU43bUxSd1ZJSjR6d1FURWs2ek1RMXJxZnloUnZ0S3hhZzRqZkZzVHE1VXhoQUNGZ1VmTVFyZ25QS3kzQ0wzdDJacEdmYkVrcGtFVkNmV1FLWk5uOHR2dm9LeEtGbVEzaXcifQ==|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",La Super X September 2024
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiVXJYSE5KbDEiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiOVwvTGE5cDVRY29qeEw1cTJ3NEd3K0Z1ZFFlNkVCZFdnSVE4Tm1RYVB3ZWpEdHo5eGk4YTd2Zjh5RzRqWHROb2pXRlFHOVppWGNNS1oxSmh2N1l6QXh6Q3FRbzFNbHA2VVwvUjUzUWV5YTcrMTJ4Y3hSQ09Hazh5UnhjbHBISXAxajliM3REaGkybUo5VWcyRXBKcUloK3pWZ1o3ODNTbkhGVk9xSUx0cUx4bCtkWmZUQjVpZ0FDdDIrNmNWOWpMNlBVTDVnVytmT1NLaFg5MUZoTitmWFgyYWRpMDlEdURhWjh6bVhNc051a3BhTmlMOHJNeDcwaEMrRWRRRXN0TTM3MnljMmUxcE9QaUFLQ3k3MFJ0UUU1R0xiYkhUdDg5NTFIdHlxZkZpQjhwQ0Voa08zSmRaRUEwTVpwM3Z0YXhCM2pYOVJKRjVzcEI2SXBFTGdTOVlkd0dpU1g0TmVDQnZGcFZOSFwvT2xlUGV6cXdZaUZSSkNHelJEZ1pBUzdGRDgrIn0=|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",No Limit 2024
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",NCL 50
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",24th Anniversary
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",AEW Collision #74 - Christmas Collision
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Seasons Beatings 2024
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Georgia Southern vs Sam Houston State
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Denver Broncos vs Los Angeles Chargers
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Ohio vs Jacksonville State
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Ulster vs Munster
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Gloucester vs Harlequins
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Tulane vs Florida
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Indiana vs Notre Dame
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Hollywoodbets Sharks vs Vodacom Bulls
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",South Dakota State vs North Dakota State
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiRzEwZlFDMk0iLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiNnY1Y0hVZVNUSjFlbG5xQW0yMTZ3YTkramoyZDlDaTQyNTZNeGswdDVma3IwbFF4cHI4Ymd3MlAyNXVYVXZCM3BvQzhZQmhrVWh1MWJwZjhCSldtK0QyckhMdmI0N0ZOc0ZmY0w2T01SazV2TUVwQXBuUzd2ZGtaYk5rYVArTVByZkc2cFwvaytXMStZSG5NNXo3WlgyUVdxbmVxUEtGa3FnTExcL3Jsb0lHN3EzK0grWWxQM1FOXC9XMkVKa1wvV1l6ZENBMHZBXC9LWVRVZ2Y1c2NndGhTK3hucjFSbzVKN1pDU0p4Rm10dkhWdlRuODFDTjVXRTMyNjRZVkFPdGUzWUNSb0ZnVFVaQ2NYRTIyRmpjWTN1NytRd2ZwU25JWEZNXC9WY3pTUHdRSlVCcG9BVFVVWW1XTGhtbEt3bGQ1M3g5T1RpdFRqdmNQVktWb1dueUNpbEVPUGRCSDgyXC9wMlJQTWdudUMwXC9WVDRYRjNRMFltZmZjNnBiREtHS3dkaWx5T2kifQ==|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Ospreys vs Scarlets
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Newcastle vs Bath
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Leinster vs Connacht
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Sale vs Exeter
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiMGRmUTZINFkiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoibUltc1hLTDNGazJpakZTOE96b1BuVkJhWDE1MmE2VVo2WGhzSGJodmp3bjYwZ2pxN1VqTzlIU0lYSFwvNGE1M2ROZDJ2bWxXQk5vYXR4OTdRR0loMWtIY2cyRldnNGdNR2R5WkZTeml6Zkc0RUsrSFloQXlGVjVpRHZneExhZXZLbDIyQks5UFlcL2VxM09yTWJXUTFScUppQ0NmYjEzSkRiemtZUFNUZVFcL0dCbnBoZE5NMzE5ZU5EOE93RTVHOWFRamNcLzU4Q2FVZktrK2tpTGpodGsyaHdoRTNjajBHaTZ3RnRjdEJsa3orSmdjbTYrV3dwWGxwY2p0dHR1RFFlcHB0OEFSczNxd29HZkIzXC9Ra0NESmNRYUg1U1ZUZHFDS3NUM0FZbitqYmhrKzNTWGRIaGpWOVVycWxiVGxtY050YjQ4MDdLaHNrYjlMUVNcLzYra1dvTG1LM2lOXC82eDFnNVI4UHQ2T1dKb2M4cFBEb2ZuN1ZBdTRPVU5zcTFSQTV3UCJ9|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Houston Texans vs Kansas City Chiefs
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Ferris State vs Valdosta State
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",South Dakota vs Montana State
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Pittsburgh Steelers vs Baltimore Ravens
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Tennessee vs Ohio State
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoieVBwMmIwakciLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoibllkRjRFZHlUOWZvTWRtRlpnZzlESWhHOWx0Q1BvMEd4cWxUcG44b3F0RmszT2J1UUxHSnZiZ1g1aEFFZ0l0bWE0Rkh5ZVJyek9jK0toSXlYQTVQVEVWU0VkWlNmVVFmblFKK3ZEaEtqRmpTUTVvTVYyRm1FUGRpaGg4dzFjemd1UHp6MWhna2d2TlJ4UThIT1JQeDVSeUNadm9MRk43bGpoenorMjJQczhSQXdmT0phbDdRWUNIMis3NHRwWXNxRXdEcG1GRnBtblZ1eGdGRTd5S1V0RENFMThpR2g0U1BkZkptSnVSWVROd3dKekZnSkRWUVNoMGw0cDM0Q3ZkWVpnNkgrQVdTVEttTGZBV0cxK1hvbEM5dGZSbWdSRmhFQkFmQTlPcElINXA5V0FTSkp1dEJCcXk5RkNSMVViTWxJbHN6XC9MRlgxVElqMlJUNytXb0JFbTVTaCtPQjVPcGN3M2JlSFRncDVOUnpDdHhLOUlBVjdQaWVOSG9yNEd2XC8ifQ==|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",West Indies vs Bangladesh
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoidTVTY2lZb2oiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiTlFJc1BodUQ5VmwrMmZlYm16ZUdaZ1RDYjNocEY5UkhcL1RDVGpcL1FlckZ6ZmV0WFVSOXRzWm9yTFRFWENvS2s4bno2bTNRdkZ0Vit0aDRBOUdEalwvY21JQitEYm80UUlpbkZJaTZDMVF0SjZucUVWZjJURnBFN281Z3NXVnJJV2lmeDAybVdGN1ZMMXBEREZmSXNZam1pZEdTR2M0Zm1Jam1Mdk0rd1d4Z2RrOGxHSEQ3d3c3UkJpbVZaQTc4ekFRT0dmTWJyWng1d2dUdVg0V3d0WllMQjkyaDd0ZkN6K2dEU1dJWnFGUHp6eUtFNzFZUU80T1hkd0Y0dXRlb1ZVU0dJQmdNMzJEZ09INUJuM3c4MEx2QVA4bWMyY3dIQVp2XC9HK2RrQ0h0N25NNnU0cWc0bDdzNzVYTHZcL2hPb0hlb25SN3VwYVwvSjljQjNhU3IwQkM5anVkNzI3elQyR2F1NHhmbU9FbURcL0xjeVwvNVVpYmpXTTZkWHNOU3lYYjhsSEMifQ==|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",ECS Malta 2024 | Day 20 | 10 Nov 2024 |
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Strikers vs Stars
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",New Zealand Women vs Australia Women
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiRW9hZ3ZpcFIiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiVGxGRmFJeUViVjA4TGNwVVJuOE9lR25rMGgraE8yQ05aeEdCaE42SGJ4cjZXQ2p0T29EZ0pnT3NuSVZ6TGFrMzd1S0NvS3ZCeHhoRlwvWDlWSkxQSnRncnJpVWdOTmdZMjFVRkk5ekhQRWNCMjJpUHVrXC8zMEpFVXlYMHBKbTEwcmFCQUpQWlBqOHVGeFo4ZlNOdzl1ejBZY05HMFIwcm54NkYxVTVFK1wvSEc0UjFjUnJkQkRzajR2amdtMUVTaUI5VURKekpXR015cFp6bjgrN0FXaFBuejVqYlpGbFRGSWs4ZkxBVXlTMVwvZ2xzQ1JQWjF6Zmh0REpLbkpoWWR4QzVTdGFCeitlTStmN05XYlY1K3dNS2FVWWd0SExQWnNmYmgyRWVjMVwvTEY5dGg3YkxtZXdFR3ZXNVVjbFFCbjR5cWRMM1Vma0VleVdYS0F3a2sybXROZUxIK3BOclZFa2xKeXJuVFhrYlc3XC9qaUt4Z1wvUU9pUVI3aENFY2xabFYwRiJ9|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Hurricanes vs Scorchers
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",ECS Malta 2024 | Day 20 | 10 Nov 2024 |
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Zimbabwe vs Afghanistan
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Sixers vs Thunder
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",ECS Malta 2024 | Day 20 | 10 Nov 2024 |
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Heat vs Strikers
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",India Women vs West Indies Women
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",South Africa vs Pakistan
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",2024/25 Paddy Power World Darts Championship Day Six
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",World Open 2025 Qualifiers Table 1 - Day 1
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",World Open 2025 Qualifiers Table 2 - Day 1
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiNkZzbUJ4UVQiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoieGlQTGJCeHZTdWJsN3JaeTZvRE9QTWdZVUtLOGJ0WmNJTnBYQ0Jlc2hpRVlXRnpTZWNiNjFxREtLTUxUTERZMFFVYnNrWFBpb1FJZTRXV2xHM05JaEpLXC95eU9KZlJyOEJsMDhmRXBramszYVJId0tHNXd2ZGdkT3E2VkVWOUpmS0F4UTJRSlZMTDg1T25HN1luQ2xRV1pYMWViZHJLYzRzWGdaYjVsM0tKMHZnV2Exd1Q2aGp3alNOenBFNVdGZTdnTDRGcXNZdFhRUnZkMHM1V3hXcnAreWVcL1VxY3FhWGpwVzNcL1YwUFwvbEtWaTFPSnA1cDBDdmpxZXQ2TThUeWkwRFhSamo3QnBtTyt4aHpWM2JmOFVUSmVlUWZENkNIa3JCNlNkMmhsaU50TE5CTGlBVnVueXpYY0ZFb3VVc3N4bzhOZzh3dXhPOVFVZ3U3TWRlRlBkdFZEc2tcLzdOM0NQTG1Wd2ZwNDVPZ1ZLbVQ1OExqTW1oMkNNTFFMUG51b0QifQ==|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",World Open 2025 Qualifiers Table 1 - Day 2
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",World Open 2025 Qualifiers Table 2 - Day 2
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",World Open 2025 Qualifiers Table 2 - Day 3
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",World Open 2025 Qualifiers Table 1 - Day 3
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",ASEAN Mitsubishi Electric Cup 2024 : Malaysia vs Singapore
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",ASEAN Mitsubishi Electric Cup 2024 : Vietnam vs Myanmar
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",ASEAN Mitsubishi Electric Cup 2024 : Indonesia vs Phillipines
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",ASEAN Mitsubishi Electric Cup 2024 : Thailand vs Cambodia
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",LaLiga 2 2024/25 : Elche vs Racing de Santander
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",LaLiga 2 2024/25 : Cartagena vs Albacete
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",LaLiga 2024/25 : Girona vs Valladolid
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",LaLiga 2 2024/25 : Eibar vs Granada
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",LaLiga 2024/25 : Getafe vs Mallorca
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiTFNNYUR5MmUiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiOXVjNTZNNTY5M0YzdEdyTVBnRzVKd2FBUHBZRXBMM3MreUd4MHJMMHozXC9OT1NWcDFwcWoxRDBRczVWTmlZb2JtdE9DMFwvZ1wvVXkrU3VRVVVGWmlVRTh5V1wvNVI0NTcrWElXR0dCcWlRUFRiQzFjQnNQT0NYTzJudXA0MzNqejBmV1RQaEdFZFc5azdUMlRXeGR2R1wvRHJYUDg5VHlBQWxjeFpFN1wveHpBQ2RJWmwxbHJrNERBOGU0TG1ESmhRSmdqU0NRZjVBWEJDU3F4R0wyNTF5Y09oUjZ2YUhlWE1sNThtcStNWHordElJN21mQnVMVTliTnl3Q0Y4SUlIeWpmMWNvQjYzOVFoTUVtODZPNUdDVDUwbzlFZ3pDZGx3UU44N1pOc3poNXZvOUw1bmExN0pUXC9mckxMQmlmMWo1ekNLMWpBbFpwR29EWnFWNDhEMUJGSHZ6Q2xCQWx4Y2J6aENDUzVRTm90XC9MTzA9In0=|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",LaLiga 2024/25 : Celta Vigo vs Real Sociedad
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",ISUZU UTE A-League Men 2024/25 : Adelaide Utd vs Sydney FC
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",ISUZU UTE A-League Men 2024/25 : Brisbane Roar FC vs Perth Glory
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",ISUZU UTE A-League Men 2024/25 : Auckland FC vs Western United FC
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",ISUZU UTE A-League Men 2024/25 : Melbourne Victory vs Melbourne City FC
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",ISUZU UTE A-League Men 2024/25 : Western Sydney Wanderers FC vs Wellington Phoenix
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",UEFA Conference League 2024/25 : Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers - MD6
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",UEFA Conference League 2024/25 : Vitoria SC vs Fiorentina - MD6
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",UEFA Conference League 2024/25 : Rapid Vienna vs Copenhagen - MD 5
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoicVdNNUFFUUgiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiaUpnUm5ab2owckVINXZZNkhoRUtpcFBlTm5vZ2JzN2hLcmx2UmVSelR1OHNcL00yUmZaZTNmeWZlcFRlWGY1a1ZHM2JFeVhLY0NjWXZ2M0Y2Q3l2M1wvb1ZCbEdQUUZuSU1WQjR5WWkrRmNEalVmWFpGbnh1em1WQUdrMzRQUTJhd0dabXJXWExPaEdDYW9jSGZuU1lSTlhkOXlJcW8wWncraTRHdWU5SWlYdzN2Um9TN2lYeWM1NjNHWFBSSjl0dFJ1R0h0XC9TZWFKYVpzOTNlS2dSVHF5cERMWXh2UXMxVVNaY01qSHlBcW53NUFUZ1d2cHNycjVkNXhPR2dFdTQ1VnV5b0h4aENcL0xFV3hpbG4wOFNWSEFNamNGS3NaQThQTEgrc2I4RFJrVXhsN0VoYk5MclhzZGV0QXFTVGFKdUxwK1M0RzFXRzE1bzNHb2RtdVJBcWdzMzQ4VHRoTHp1M1RqQUpCOHhnYU5BST0ifQ==|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",UEFA Conference League 2024/25 : Heidenheim 1846 vs St. Gallen - MD6 (DELAY)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",UEFA Conference League 2024/25 : APOEL vs Astana - MD6 (DELAY)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",UEFA Conference League 2024/25 : Cercle Brugge vs Basaksehir - MD6 (DELAY)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",UEFA Conference League 2024/25 : Real Betis vs HJK Helsinki - MD6 (DELAY)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",UEFA Conference League Draw 2024/25 : Knockout RD Play-Offs
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Pro Futsal League 2024/25 : Halus FC vs Unggul FC Malang
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Pro Futsal League 2024/25 : Cosmo JNE vs Moncongbulo FC
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Pro Futsal League 2024/25 : Fafage Banua vs Kuda Laut Nusantara
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiSXBIRjV2bWgiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiQWNcL0VBcEgybUt6Wmg1bTA5NjRac2tlVXZDODkwb1IxTkZ0bStjYnVNSElKZ1JsVkhIc0ZzZFhuN1NRSjUxcnZPQk9cL2NaQ1RoTUJJZUdKazBmVW9WdWVEQUI4bnd5UDNtU0ZzNFRGeEY2M2dwTmtXdG05b3V0emg4QTFFbkJSSGlpcDBrVXV2ZVQxM2hacEhlT1BoSVlmU1ZaZFBPYzVLY1hPVWZuZUxSUmhNZ1pKKzJIOUVSdUFURzc1UVlDWUNaZDl0M01oejUyQVhMSkd6dVoySndYcDB2WHBXZXU2OXZiQzlzTnJnNitHQTNaTVBodDgrOEVKS01TMytsUkRcLzRRT3lzQnZuMkxNeGtWRWFYZkZ0cXU3Mlh4bW5lZkJwamRuVExYMFdKOWJLWFN2R3djcngxb2k3OUxKRGExYVJDQ1F3Y1JlYkpDMzFyZmdiTnNmaFlVdUpWM0srUGFFdlNtcG1oWWg3blpFPSJ9|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Pro Futsal League 2024/25 : Pangsuma FC Kalbar vs Blacksteel FC Papua
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Pro Futsal League 2024/25 : Moncongbulo FC vs Unggul FC Malang
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Pro Futsal League 2024/25 : Bintang Timur Surabaya vs Sadakata United
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiajRDVzEzeFkiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoieXdOd2tZWVBwbTd3SitzNEhjY25seVpYdVwvRjZOcVJFbVwvUXFCZEdpVEZNZzdLRlZmdnRzUWp5djN3azVRampxeHlQbVdzaEVCZmt6MkJLVTBoMU5HMThBUlF3MGVRMng4YVRcLzhEVXJDQzJjM3JWQW43NXVUUm5ldGFwVTVYbGRZWVBVZ2NHWGdhNTY1dFRnTUlnNVR4V1dOcWhYV0lUNXA1RUZXMkN2ZXdFeTgxUGVUTlBpd291WHJiUEZsTStXSmFNd0hOWktyd3BQVUJPQjkzVFd6T0tsRVVlcDBhb2FhaXBiMnlET0VIZVpyK0hHVVlWK3BkUGxOd1NEUzZxSEdhWDlhVmV6S2NPSUh2a0tLVGVEWE1hQ3Jwck14OVRaWDJrZ0VDVlpJUDBkSlZkc2dWZkM5TUlZYUV6ZWZCNFlyemxxNFdVR3czUEZrSnBqaEZuUjEyVXpZeFdkTWtaU21SaDFlK2ptZ0pnPSJ9|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Pro Futsal League 2024/25 : Cosmo JNE vs Rafhely Futsal
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Pro Futsal League 2024/25 : Fafage Banua vs Tiga Radja United
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Bundesliga 2024/25 : VfB Stuttgart vs FC ST Pauli
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Bundesliga 2024/25 : FC Bayern Munchen vs RB Leipzig
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiNWlmTFBaUkoiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiQ1BLazFsdXBKNE54SDhKOEdnbU84OTI1T0Z5SjN5N3pLZUNMS2dnOTU0a1Y0c1p4b0FTRXhQMmV1aUpGWFEyQ3NpcWZLUUt5eFVCek5nc3RqQTlMWEZiWUJ0SVFGV2JVWCtsd1RTREhvV3IwcEdDU0lVeXZtald4clowdG1nY2Z3RlJndGUrSFBoZDVTb2pBS2loaXpkU3BTYktyTWY3Mmppd01pZGxUUnV4T3hGdVdvNUdPS2t4WDZjUDAxMHorU3RHME81M2FjS1J6VXhrUDU5UUpLMDk2N213elFQUHFlaW9oT0hqbFd0VW9vcUVBYmFDem1uOVFYUmU4UHFMa2plVGJ3K2I2dEtuTWVTeHY2MjhBOTBFTnBqNWNsQXRKcituKzFBUVwvMWlncXhKdk1MNnh0WHVUSTVrandicFJlcG5xZzBMQXVcL2k4ZmdHeWlmSkdtdklPaWo0QVc1OHAyYUMxbjhUNnArUjQ9In0=|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Bundesliga 2024/25 : SV Werder Bremen vs FC Union Berlin
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Bundesliga 2024/25 : Eintracht Frankkfurt vs FSV Mainz 05
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Bundesliga 2024/25 : Holstein Kiel vs FC Augsburg
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Bundesliga 2024/25 : Bayer 04 Leverkusen vs FC Freiburg
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Bundesliga 2024/25 : VfL Bochum 1848 vs FC Heidenheim 1846
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoieWcyTFhOYksiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoib3gxb082QTZ6ZVVVcitjdjZrTnNxSkt5K0dRdmJudEt1dWN5XC80Z2NMTmE3OXBkQzlySEZjZm10ck5rVDFIdlJCeTFjTndtS2xwN0ZjcnE1TGxtZTlOVXRKcUYrVEhaTlFtWG8wT2diNEdMOVJKT2xlc0RcL1VYTkt6YkxCK1l3TkU1ZFRHUGtqNDRiRWJKZnEyUkFlZWdFNVQyWXVFWFNvNktRd0h5SXVWQ3pXNmVJbTdDcFdXME1cL3NuQnBHUkhPWFJkZTVISU1rd2RFUzJLelkzemszVkFHZDBubUcyVlJaT0VlMXliZ0tHWE56OWhRQ3crM0N3MjdxVDJaMEkxUFNjb3hQeE1cLzFxTG1sVFNNY3NHV3h3NHgxeGkxZkhWSURaTkcxV0RQWUE5UXMwM2pcLzRKeElrSnl2TkxyTlwvYjh1UkNleHowV08zTlwvQXMrVTRLeExcL0tTVWhoNkJXMG50aWZ1aG10RzF5R2s9In0=|Referer=https://visionplus.id/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="UP COMING" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/108.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://visionplus.id/",Bundesliga 2024/25 : VfL Wolfsburg vs Borussia Dortmund
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.mpd?ch=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|Referer=https://visionplus.id/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="LIVE NOW Next Gen ATP Finals" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Jeddah Day 2 - Match 12
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="LIVE NOW Premier Padel" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",Barcelona Finals Day 1
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="LIVE NOW European Cricket" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",ECC-W Premier 2024 | Day 5 |
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="LIVE NOW Pakistan tour of South Africa" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",South Africa vs Pakistan
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="LIVE NOW T20I" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",India Women vs West Indies Women
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="LIVE NOW World Darts Championship" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",2024/25 Paddy Power World Darts Championship Day Five
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="LIVE NOW German Master Qualifiers" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",German Master Qualifiers Table 1 - Day 4
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="LIVE NOW German Master Qualifiers" user-agent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/131.0.0.0 Safari/537.36" referer="https://live-streamfootball.com/",German Master Qualifiers Table 2 - Day 4
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://live-streamfootball.com/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  LIVE NOW ",{20-30 - 19-12-2024} India I-League  Gokulam Kerala vs Rajasthan (SONY TEN 2)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  LIVE NOW ",{21-00 - 19-12-2024} Jordan - Jordan League  Moghayer Al Sarhan vs Al Hussein (Jordan Sport)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  LIVE NOW ",{21-00 - 19-12-2024} Turkey - Turkish Cup  24 Erzincanspor vs Çorum Belediyespor (A Spor Turkey)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{22-00 - 19-12-2024} Bulgaria - Parva Liga  Botev Plovdiv vs Ludogorets (Diema Sport Bulgaria)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{22-00 - 19-12-2024} Bulgaria - Parva Liga  Botev Plovdiv vs Ludogorets (Sport Klub 2 Serbia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{22-00 - 19-12-2024} Egypt - Premier League  El Geish vs Petrojet (ON Time Sports Egypt)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{22-00 - 19-12-2024} Morocco - Botola Pro  RSB Berkane vs CODM Meknès (Arryadia 3 Morocco)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{23-40 - 19-12-2024} Israel Liga Al Women  Hapoel Tel Aviv vs MS Kiryat Gat (Sport 5 Israel)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{00-00 - 20-12-2024} Turkey - Turkish Cup  Bucaspor/Tire 1922 vs Göztepe (A Spor Turkey)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{00-00 - 20-12-2024} Portugal - Primeira Liga  Nacional vs Benfica (Sport TV1 Portugal)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{00-00 - 20-12-2024} Portugal - Primeira Liga  Nacional vs Benfica (GOLTV USA)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{00-00 - 20-12-2024} Portugal - Primeira Liga  Nacional vs Benfica (Sportdigital FUSSBALL DE)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{00-00 - 20-12-2024} Portugal - Primeira Liga  Nacional vs Benfica (Eleven Sports 1 Poland)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{00-00 - 20-12-2024} Portugal - Primeira Liga  Nacional vs Benfica (beIN Sports 1 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{00-00 - 20-12-2024} Portugal - Primeira Liga  Nacional vs Benfica (Cosmote Sport 3 Greece)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{00-00 - 20-12-2024} Portugal - Primeira Liga  Nacional vs Benfica (Ring bg)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{00-00 - 20-12-2024} Portugal - Primeira Liga  Nacional vs Benfica (Sport Klub 1 Serbia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiY0ttMnpvZTkiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoidzgwelV6ZXYrcnM4VVhGandDblJuMllGOEc3NUtaeDJlazJPMkpaUkRCa080TkZLWlB0MGVFNnV1bkVxNkZ2cmx1bzBRWnUwbVpSUUFoZGpkdlJ0NVYrTnpjbmpKb1hZMGpuMDB1XC9sRFhHRXkwRXlNVVpGWE9sbmtLbXY0RXBpbzNhNTkzbXJqZmFtdkdXV0hjT1VRbVQrVTB5N0xtcXNpQ0ozd0FmK3o4S2FXRGZQWW9NNGdOQWx0NzhZMGxzK1l6TXd5STh2UDgyM29vRmZWcjcyT0tsVGFTQ1RMbWNYY1N1UlJHSFJuWEpvb0ZKc2JCbVdNMmRzZHVMd0N2SzUzM3RIZGxaWWpzVWF6c3hKM3RQS0ZRblBPZVdHMmxjbFp6YlJCK0RPNWtva2tLejFVXC9rUnFwb2FaRCtWeE5NQzN2K3JBdVgxWGltNmJEV1hxbmZGUlE9PSJ9
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{00-00 - 20-12-2024} Portugal - Primeira Liga  Nacional vs Benfica (Sport 1 Israel)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiaUdJanhyYlQiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoidzFiS0EzbkNtNFZwMmRlNk4zTERSTHBZMlNkYWd3bGRKUlMzRmhONkE3YkpzYjVyVEl1dVZjVjU4aXNGRTJuUVpXUTR5UUZxUlZHMFErMWZuTzJoM3lQRWdsVzh2dmhJRUJFSXc2clk5WmRkdHlxN2lkOWxcL2dYbkxyckpkWHBXVjduTmdwNWVuNmQwd0hPcml4QUJsXC9zMkNcL3lWb0J4Q1pZN1crVWNhVlBpeEVxUzhxTXVFVm5cL3BNb3Q0VHJRVUMrVjYyMkhnaGd0WGpcLzI3ZCt2cUpqQ0FEOEh0QVhUNk5QNDdwRFBYSEgrU3paNDZhWUlENHFwcVRwaW1wOEFiS2NweWRna0NraCtEalU4OURCMUhEUWtiV3ZhK3dFQTJlMVhsbGYxR1ZjV05OeWJ3V3FocWR2QzdVXC9BalwvUit1eFFhcG1qck9MWFpKa3hiXC9CdllJcHc9PSJ9
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{00-00 - 20-12-2024} Morocco - Botola Pro  FAR Rabat vs Wydad Casablanca (Arryadia 3 Morocco)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{00-45 - 20-12-2024} Netherlands - KNVB Beker  Noordwijk vs Willem II (ESPN 2 NL)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoickppOWpEZnAiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiQUxjQ1dWYWFjSE1JSE5zUlFpektsTG1jVzZFWHlxY3hiWUNcL3pkN2Vwc2hHWFhlQUFmZThrNDNmUTgrbmo1ekpjUSttM3djdXE0ME5XZmMxb3BsOVlPT1VkNzV3XC9xU1Biejlad0JadjVqR09iWm9JbFV1c3FcL0FFMXZCeWxQXC9EdTRJc1pXY0pRRkVodVA2MkhGUUxZVExUaFZxQWtrT1pTNVh5QXgrTm1tcTFqZ1pMSFJhUzNkdU5NSTJJNW5XOEVzU2ZFZnhMTDhNajdHM3hlRkxieFdBcUpZT25zVW85T3gxOUl4cTZ4dVZkTVdPdlc2NGRQRkI1eUM5cEpzd2RPcUtBRnNuWnBhR0lIUEU4d0ZXcUNUZzBEcTZINklQbW9IalRNYzJTZ1BQck5IeWdKVVgwSG9aQm44OFdmbnZXSVdabXpGeHZ2VzArdlFwd29HcGJ6QT09In0=
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{00-45 - 20-12-2024} Netherlands - KNVB Beker  Noordwijk vs Willem II (Sport Klub 4 Serbia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{01-00 - 20-12-2024} Egypt - Premier League  Zamalek vs Ceramica Cleopatra (ON Time Sports Egypt)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{01-00 - 20-12-2024} Spain - Segunda Division  Elche vs Racing Santander (LALIGA TV Hypermotion)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{01-00 - 20-12-2024} Spain - Segunda Division  Elche vs Racing Santander (DAZN Eleven 2 Portugal)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{01-00 - 20-12-2024} Spain - Segunda Division  Elche vs Racing Santander (Match! Football 2 Russia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{01-00 - 20-12-2024} Spain - Segunda Division  Elche vs Racing Santander (Canal+ Sport 3 Afrique)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{01-00 - 20-12-2024} Spain - Segunda Division  Elche vs Racing Santander (MAX Sport 3 Bulgaria)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{01-00 - 20-12-2024} Spain - Segunda Division  Elche vs Racing Santander (beIN Sports MAX 4 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoibkdPNEJYTmciLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiSllKK3hJRk5yYXcyanZ5R3BKc3BLdkxmc3llN0xHMm0zczdtdjNmbjlhbll5aFRNYmR5U1hJM1wvaFZOZGtvR21idXBrOWhmMkY0S0VlaU1ERGZwMFVlYk1wRkREbWVOZUxpdlwvaEIwd1JLbFR3cURXK0c5b3MxOUFpYzk1dXphMkVpcnp2eTRVa2ZwanB6TmVkVGgreUxWME8xMkJoU3QzOWR6dlFGYVwvdUlrTUZnb2NKNGhHc2tjWTVXTjQwaDF4UmZpN1wva091eHNHVUZQeGRXVzN1NWErcTk1OGZnOGNCWnVudzdCTmV6djl6VTd0RDZhY0N5RHRKTXEzcDMwYVRlalwvRmtcLytKRkNDREVjdForOEYxTEwweVE2d1wvSFN3UEJndkhrbDRXc0JJdTlcL3hWd2dYOXVxV2xqYmZ5Uk9PUHdvNzd2MlV4NVpidFd5aXhHeFVDNUE9PSJ9
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{01-00 - 20-12-2024} Spain - Segunda Division  Cádiz vs Burgos (LALIGA TV Hypermotion 2)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{01-00 - 20-12-2024} Romania - Cupa Romaniei  Rapid Bucureşti vs CFR Cluj (Digi Sport 1 Romania)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{01-00 - 20-12-2024} Romania - Cupa Romaniei  Rapid Bucureşti vs CFR Cluj (Prima Sport 1 Romania)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{01-00 - 20-12-2024} Romania - Cupa Romaniei  Ceahlăul Piatra Neamţ vs Botoşani (Digi Sport 2 Romania)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{01-00 - 20-12-2024} Romania - Cupa Romaniei  Ceahlăul Piatra Neamţ vs Botoşani (Prima Sport 2 Romania)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{02-00 - 20-12-2024} Netherlands - KNVB Beker  Rijnsburgse Boys vs Volendam (ESPN 4 NL)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} England - League Cup  Tottenham Hotspur vs Manchester United (Sky Sports Football UK)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} England - League Cup  Tottenham Hotspur vs Manchester United (Sky Sports Main Event UK)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiRkNUT2FEMXgiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiOTBmNlwvRzJNeHRENlRpTEk5VVBVKzR6aGRhQXJIXC9OK1lcL1k0M0djZWRVUFpndXAzZ2tVVVZwamF2eE15SFE3WTFYNGVvYmp0czF3ZTZHQTFvTHJWeXdIOHluU3VrdEdlRzR4R05ZNklYOXNJRDhDb2ozWmFuamRSelpBVTRNSlRDZ0taUDNnZG1zTFwvUEpDdlpxMHBUVnhXa0JocWJzOXplU2sxY3FRUmhVQ1VvRjRTclIzcWQ4NjBYWDdwcjl2bkV1M1BqbkNOUWlFamtrVThoTmIwdmsyMk02cDFKN1pmRVMxUUo1Y0lFZXBaWG9mdm5yRjl0TFU4Rkx3Tk8xcXp5anVONGptUnFOMjlHdEM4bm92UDZVOUU0ZG5Sb1BXTWNxbVFScitSUU03R3RCZjkyM1NSZWIwZHVrY0kyZTFXSkREemtoTTBwREhkS0ZVbG5qclo1QT09In0=
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} England - League Cup  Tottenham Hotspur vs Manchester United (Sport TV1 Portugal)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} England - League Cup  Tottenham Hotspur vs Manchester United (beIN Sports 1 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} England - League Cup  Tottenham Hotspur vs Manchester United (Arena 2 Premium Serbia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} England - League Cup  Tottenham Hotspur vs Manchester United (Arena Sport 2 Croatia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} England - League Cup  Tottenham Hotspur vs Manchester United (ESPN Mexico)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} England - League Cup  Tottenham Hotspur vs Manchester United (V Sport Premium)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} England - League Cup  Tottenham Hotspur vs Manchester United (TV3+ Denmark)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} England - League Cup  Tottenham Hotspur vs Manchester United (Diema Sport 2 Bulgaria)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} England - League Cup  Tottenham Hotspur vs Manchester United (SuperSport Premier League)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} England - League Cup  Tottenham Hotspur vs Manchester United (beIN Sports MENA 1)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} England - League Cup  Tottenham Hotspur vs Manchester United (beIN Sports MENA English 1)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} England - League Cup  Tottenham Hotspur vs Manchester United (Sport 2 Israel)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Simulcast (Sky Sport Austria 1)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Simulcast (Movistar Liga de Campeones 3)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Simulcast (Canal+ Sport360)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Larne vs Gent (TNT Sports 4 UK)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoid0RtT3BZSWgiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoicUlnSjV4cVkyM2dYSWMyWUJYQ3pGcFwvWnFCK0hiXC81S1BsUHd3OUVZc2VjWnlaQ2I5YzBUdEJSc05STG45NVNGM0h6a0lvaTl2YXFZZmduZXZvQ3NkY1wvVmh5b3dWTUFBSFB6V2lOZTFpdTFicW93TnNiK2RnNUl1MUppdW1oSkNzb204dloyWUUxeUZ1VnJLekVrZXh3eEx6MUV3YUxNWU5Fc2tEcWVERHBvV1JScEVJRUU4SGllMVpBRVArN2VXZ0Jwemg0ckFpRjl1MW5JYVU0TGZmQUJ6ZVRBc0hIN3BQY0g4K2xqZUVVWjc3OVBaaGFTRDFsZ3YyY1V3dHBSOHpcL0VNNytwXC9rSWw5SnZhd1NQZkRsZnQ3aTZqdCtwQTJmNmJpdmJhcWEwNk9yRGpodTV0blpyeVVOVlFFRXFxNWhBR2Ntb0xKa2NcLzV6VHZ6Mjl6U3R3PT0ifQ==
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Larne vs Gent (Tipik Belgium)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Larne vs Gent (Canal+ Live 9 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Larne vs Gent (Sport 1 Israel)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Hearts vs Petrocub (TNT Sports 2 UK)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Hearts vs Petrocub (Canal+ Live 17 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Hearts vs Petrocub (beIN Sports MENA English 2)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  LASK Linz vs Víkingur Reykjavík (Sky Sport Austria 2)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  LASK Linz vs Víkingur Reykjavík (Canal+ Live 10 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiRFJuYVprNmgiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoicVp4U0ZZdGVMaVRLK0h5QUYzeHhscHBaYVVhS1JhQVwvdzlTXC9JNW9lUTZtRnlYa2xxSE95RDc3K2h2NHVMUHNXaVpzb0xPNk9UTkZXT0JJMjBtQ3FcL3FlZW1DU2s3TmRXWUVuOU4xblNUS1lKUjFiN01mQ3FXTXRPNkFmUFhPUHVRZEFDNlNFNHdNXC9zRjArY1dpVnZvUHdFbDJMQldVSm9MSks3NStcL3E5SmVGMlRSanEySmJYWGdPbEc3dDZSRmd4d2NyWjd3MFNHaXBid0xTOVBNek1hdk1SVGVKc1NtWWd4YlwvY1VDdXVDY0QyZXBLWndlc25jam1nQzVRQnlIbFltQjUxdXRlRm1BV0R4QTBhYVd0NGZlbkVMWm5FcWN5RW5CQzlzNmFWQkh0OSt5OXUxaHVcL1dhajVrNmtzVEFrbUlaTGIrQXdoTzFMbjYrM1V3bWVrQT09In0=
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  LASK Linz vs Víkingur Reykjavík (Vodafone Sport)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Molde vs Mladá Boleslav (TV3 HD Norge)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Molde vs Mladá Boleslav (Canal+ Live 11 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Celje vs The New Saints (TNT Sports 3 UK)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Celje vs The New Saints (Canal+ Live 18 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Celje vs The New Saints (Ziggo Sport 5 NL)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Panathinaikos vs Dinamo Minsk (Cosmote Sport 2 Greece)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Panathinaikos vs Dinamo Minsk (DAZN Eleven 3 Portugal)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Panathinaikos vs Dinamo Minsk (Canal+ Live 4 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Panathinaikos vs Dinamo Minsk (Arena Sport 4 Serbia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Panathinaikos vs Dinamo Minsk (Movistar Liga de Campeones 10)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Panathinaikos vs Dinamo Minsk (Ring bg)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Panathinaikos vs Dinamo Minsk (beIN Sports MENA 9)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Real Betis vs HJK (TNT Sports 6 UK)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Real Betis vs HJK (Movistar Liga de Campeones)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Real Betis vs HJK (CBS Sports Network)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Real Betis vs HJK (Sky Sport Austria 6)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Real Betis vs HJK (DAZN Eleven 2 Portugal)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Real Betis vs HJK (Canal+ Live 5 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Real Betis vs HJK (Ziggo Sport 3 NL)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Real Betis vs HJK (Cosmote Sport 8 Greece)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Real Betis vs HJK (MAX Sport 2 Bulgaria)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Real Betis vs HJK (beIN Sports MENA 3)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Rapid Wien vs København (TNT Sports 9 UK)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Rapid Wien vs København (Canal+ Live 6 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Rapid Wien vs København (Sky Sport 254 IT)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Rapid Wien vs København (DAZN Eleven 5 Portugal)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Rapid Wien vs København (Movistar Liga de Campeones 7)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiY1ZxclhuZ0oiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiRVo2QWZLZTNZeTRTM1FBdHhUMnB3dVh6RXFvbXZRdCtFMlpMTzZFM1Y5YXlvNXhhWEN5RXIwTVAxOFNmSU1xQUJCem9IMXEyY1RnNEdreFNcLzBzM1A5dXFoMzZqeFwvcGpJOUxVc2wwMWd2RHI4ZVBhZXRLcFwvd0pGNU9nYTY2c2xydkhxdFZ4dVRKRWRIWSszVmw0UjMxeUNnMGIwZmN6Q2ZNNU5COHI0anRIZ2UwbUdZd09idzk2dlVoQ296Q3pmQWZDbUpTWTBWd09NY2RleTV4NTR3aHlkWVBmNEs4WStSaTF2VEZyYTNuK0h4c1dpZ243RlpIaUtGSm1YS0pEekdGRWxDcVUwc3RLVVwvYnh3ZXpzQzFGZG5oRkZNeldRSFNlZ2ttRGxwTkNGblJEeXVTazRiMFdWaDU5R3FjVXdtdGNKK09SODF5bDArSFl6dlpDY3BrZz09In0=
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Rapid Wien vs København (Polsat Sport Premium 3 Poland)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Vitória Guimarães vs Fiorentina (TNT Sports 5 UK)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Vitória Guimarães vs Fiorentina (Sky Sport 252 IT)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Vitória Guimarães vs Fiorentina (Sky Sport Uno IT)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Vitória Guimarães vs Fiorentina (Sky Sport Austria 5)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Vitória Guimarães vs Fiorentina (Movistar Liga de Campeones 4)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Vitória Guimarães vs Fiorentina (Sport TV5 Portugal)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Vitória Guimarães vs Fiorentina (Canal+ Live 2 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Vitória Guimarães vs Fiorentina (Prima Sport 2 Romania)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Vitória Guimarães vs Fiorentina (Digi Sport 4 Romania)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Vitória Guimarães vs Fiorentina (Arena Sport 3 Serbia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Vitória Guimarães vs Fiorentina (Cosmote Sport 4 Greece)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Vitória Guimarães vs Fiorentina (bTV Action Bulgaria)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Vitória Guimarães vs Fiorentina (beIN Sports MENA 4)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Jagiellonia Białystok vs Olimpija (ŠTV 1 Slovenia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Jagiellonia Białystok vs Olimpija (Polsat Sport 2 Poland)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Jagiellonia Białystok vs Olimpija (Polsat Sport Premium 2 Poland)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Jagiellonia Białystok vs Olimpija (Sky Sport 256 IT)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Jagiellonia Białystok vs Olimpija (Movistar Liga de Campeones 9)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Jagiellonia Białystok vs Olimpija (Canal+ Live 8 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Bačka Topola vs Noah (DAZN Eleven 4 Portugal)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Bačka Topola vs Noah (Canal+ Live 16 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Bačka Topola vs Noah (Arena 1 Premium Serbia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Bačka Topola vs Noah (Arena Sport 4 Croatia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Borac Banja Luka vs Omonia Nicosia (Arena Sport 1 Croatia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Borac Banja Luka vs Omonia Nicosia (Movistar Liga de Campeones 12)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Borac Banja Luka vs Omonia Nicosia (Canal+ Live 15 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Borac Banja Luka vs Omonia Nicosia (Arena Sport 1 Serbia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiMGdzYkE0ZmoiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoidjd5N1RIUmZvNVhhREdyRWtZUitWZm44ZnZQakZtY0NEcmxSa3RRdGhpY3ZyQXBQSmErdDZXVTNWbGtaMm11bGRBWE1ieXc0cGlDNzc5K3NXTTlwMWNjRHpGSWZpY0NJU2hVU0xHeWZWTFlGN1FMMlEyYlJQa2pncks4ZTlmUkZ2Zzl3TnpkTExZem1ESllvUWtwa1A2TlEybitxZ2ZObVJ5WXppZWk3ZGdsbUZFSXkwTHlGWWhTVndkR1RyUDNITUZwT25IXC95U2x1NFNsVEliUFF1MnZwMUxzN3N1c2xhVXBvUFd5MGM1R1BwbmRBXC9xVXpYZ3NVaWZDQ2JtanMzTWt0MWFaVW9pNDJ6WWN3b0l1RXZybzE4R29jYWdHTStackZ0RHZsNEFaNVwvWHM5bkh6Zko1d3lOaGtjRHdOVHBnNk5URE9YVWtLQWh4RDEwVktNMnFRPT0ifQ==
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Borac Banja Luka vs Omonia Nicosia (Cosmote Sport 9 Greece)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiY29DcDVRSVkiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoibnR0THJpRThSWWs4Vkl6QlkrajF5cjBYZ3lNT2NXTFllcVJkS3RzcjJoXC9sRlBUcUtySTVSU2dlNXRobHdzUkV1Yk5QMWlleHFsZmJcL3VxXC84b1wvcEJCU3Jrc3FVTHhyREU2aDA5eDY5YTduNlIzUDF4ZzVmZll6Q3NjNisyMVN5N0dJdUJlVVoyOWY0aUM1eGZIWW9pTkFQVFh1eVQ2eSt3OFFGelRkb3M5eEt0Tkh1Y1BNeGNjbjFyRHhadTErcFc0VVpSTU9FK3lvSzR2bTZrRUZVb3dScHBqZE14ZnNxclEyalBGM2FFZzlYTkRpMFYxUUFuQk1XeTk1b1RpckFXTjlwNlVwQnlYclwvd09UY3hFSGJMbEE2Nml2dVU3OFVDQVJOY08zYndzVFRaTXA1RHFCaE5LKys5TWdIOVFLYk9idmM4UnRFNmxRRk9YTDFvYTZib2c9PSJ9
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Lugano vs Paphos (Movistar Liga de Campeones 11)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Lugano vs Paphos (Cosmote Sport 7 Greece)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Lugano vs Paphos (Canal+ Live 7 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Djurgården vs Legia Warszawa (TNT Sports 8 UK)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Djurgården vs Legia Warszawa (Polsat Sport 1 Poland)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Djurgården vs Legia Warszawa (Movistar Liga de Campeones 5)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Djurgården vs Legia Warszawa (Polsat Sport Premium 1 Poland)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Djurgården vs Legia Warszawa (Sky Sport 255 IT)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Djurgården vs Legia Warszawa (Canal+ Live 6 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (TNT Sports 1 UK)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (Sky Sport Austria 4)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (DAZN Eleven 1 Portugal)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (Sky Sport 253 IT)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (Sky Sport Calcio IT)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (Premier Sports 1 Ireland)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (Canal+ Foot France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (M4 Sport Hungary)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoialNmOGV1SzYiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiSFBrNlU5XC9xeXQ0YnpETjg0Vk5CVlRWU3dJaTNOQ2FMYXZpeGRuZWdIMU5STDU1b1hVN3hCYVd6SHJoNXlYVDZKbk04NlZyYnNvcjhlaDVtcXBpZEpFWDFJTFR0UVJVZTl1SXowMGhiRHZFK0ZoS29JNEFabGtXTUhSZng0cjR2TjFTaG8wY3lrRFNWK3BpUTRPRGdlSzdhWU1ldUVEXC9JaVA3OExIeUpUZG9xOW5zYzFKMGRBZlhJXC94cTRTNEFocUQ3aXRNeUxGRWltaTc4cUVRMFpVQUZQUnRkc0o4M0F6Q1ZRRWVvS0hxOVozdng3NG5EbjZFMER6QnVodkpyaTZoS2NGNDVROWtUdnlYYktjZlFqRVdRcHpEVExGZjJJbE9RNzhtYzMzc0picEozME5MWFhIbm9GY1JWXC95MEtsV1FwNG9Jb2pSaTFGQm9VOFN1WlNJUT09In0=
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (Movistar Liga de Campeones 2)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (Canal+ Live 1 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (Digi Sport 3 Romania)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (Prima Sport 3 Romania)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (Ziggo Sport 1 NL)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (Arena Sport 2 Serbia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (Cosmote Sport 3 Greece)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (MAX Sport 4 Bulgaria)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (SuperSport Football)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (beIN Sports MENA 2)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Chelsea vs Shamrock Rovers (Sport 3 Israel)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Cercle Brugge vs İstanbul Başakşehir (TNT Sports 7 UK)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Cercle Brugge vs İstanbul Başakşehir (TRT 1 Turkey)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Cercle Brugge vs İstanbul Başakşehir (Sky Sport Austria 7)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Cercle Brugge vs İstanbul Başakşehir (Sky Sport Mix DE)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Cercle Brugge vs İstanbul Başakşehir (Sky Sport Top Event HD)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Cercle Brugge vs İstanbul Başakşehir (Ziggo Sport 2 NL)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Cercle Brugge vs İstanbul Başakşehir (Canal+ Live 3 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Cercle Brugge vs İstanbul Başakşehir (Ziggo Sport 2 NL)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Cercle Brugge vs İstanbul Başakşehir (beIN Sports MENA 6)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  APOEL vs Astana (Canal+ Live 8 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  APOEL vs Astana (ANT1 Greece)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  APOEL vs Astana (Cosmote Sport 5 Greece)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  APOEL vs Astana (Movistar Liga de Campeones 8)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Heidenheim vs St. Gallen (TNT Sports 10 UK)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Heidenheim vs St. Gallen (RSI LA 2 Switzerland)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Heidenheim vs St. Gallen (Sky Sport Austria 3)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Heidenheim vs St. Gallen (Movistar Liga de Campeones 6)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Heidenheim vs St. Gallen (Canal+ Live 7 France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Heidenheim vs St. Gallen (Cosmote Sport 6 Greece)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} UEFA Conference League  Heidenheim vs St. Gallen (beIN Sports MENA 5)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Italy - Coppa Italia  Internazionale vs Udinese (Italia 1 IT)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Italy - Coppa Italia  Internazionale vs Udinese (Viaplay Sports 1 UK)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Italy - Coppa Italia  Internazionale vs Udinese (DAZN1 ES)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Italy - Coppa Italia  Internazionale vs Udinese (DAZN1 DE)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Italy - Coppa Italia  Internazionale vs Udinese (Sport TV3 Portugal)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Italy - Coppa Italia  Internazionale vs Udinese (L'Equipe France)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiVUlibkVnUlMiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoibDZOeGhaVEFGdDI3VHV2bGN6UzlqUXpiRjliOUF1dWN2dEdYUWNLcHlnaHAxRUJpYzdHUTVnMmVIT09MdmFtUWRXQmlyUVhnMVwvSjJsWm1MRDNjY0VBY0ZyME02MWpiUjdVWUVRVURvbEhVWklsS3pRNmg3NTBFb0gwNnVFaEtrQ0RUaW5oQlFLSnlnQlJ5RzZcL01CZ01sUW5LYlZkM2ZDaVhRcjJXR0NkM1RDc0xPd2N5M092ZDl1K09IYldSTGNpcGVJTUhVVU40Qmdra3lsbzlvRzFMcCs2S2Voak5pK3dxamsxXC92S0Q1dVpSOEg5dWpLeGZ3VXFXZWN5N1MwVVFUSWJRK3dPUG5GWWFpVlhHZ3NLXC9icU5nR2FQVnFyUzkzRzFFZGsxMHBHZWZ4WVlXUU9YbGx6VTlJOUxONDh0OTV0SXlkblFwYzZvU1J2TjdaZVNDZz09In0=
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Italy - Coppa Italia  Internazionale vs Udinese (Match TV Russia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Italy - Coppa Italia  Internazionale vs Udinese (Match! Football 1 Russia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Italy - Coppa Italia  Internazionale vs Udinese (Abu Dhabi Sports Premium 1)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Italy - Coppa Italia  Internazionale vs Udinese (Nova Sports 2 Greece)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Italy - Coppa Italia  Internazionale vs Udinese (Arena 3 Premium Serbia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiREhGSzRXdFgiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiNThydmQ0SXMySkdBWHV3XC85WXBmYTl2RjdOQ0ZZelQ5eVpMeks5T0U3cnJuSm1obGUzcFhEYjFuYTJpTk1RNm1vZ3VDUHRaZHhyQ1p1dGtYbkFnc1dCb1JTMm03SEVQWGl5WkZxT3k5MUNpVU9vejRsTCthbTJBWHJUS2RwU0FHUWg1SWdoYXJZZnlnbnB6ZU1Cc1RuUXc1K2JpZzFnb3RXdnhORFppcjBGR0NLUGdaQnhBdlZcL1dhV3dmMXdXNnNQdmJVM1R3MjRjRVBqeWMyMnB2NWZoaUJuRDUyXC8wRUxRYUt0YUI5aStCMzNBRDdwS0ZtVFhGQjNiUWN1aVJvVzM3ekpROVdCT1Q2c0YyaU5nUXQ0OG5IV0xXM3dqN1h6UUZ0S2c5SzVvZlE3akVLMktoU05lM1Exa2JLQ0JBTnY2SnpwZVVBWWZNXC9NSnlhUkUzK0Yrdz09In0=
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Italy - Coppa Italia  Internazionale vs Udinese (Fox Sports 1 Argentina)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Italy - Coppa Italia  Internazionale vs Udinese (Arena Sport 3 Croatia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Italy - Coppa Italia  Internazionale vs Udinese (MAX Sport 3 Bulgaria)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Italy - Coppa Italia  Internazionale vs Udinese (Sport 4 Israel)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Netherlands - KNVB Beker  Ajax vs Telstar (ESPN 3 NL)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Netherlands - KNVB Beker  Ajax vs Telstar (GOLTV USA)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-00 - 20-12-2024} Netherlands - KNVB Beker  Ajax vs Telstar (Sport Klub 3 Serbia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-15 - 20-12-2024} Spain - Segunda Division  Huesca vs Tenerife (LALIGA TV Hypermotion 2)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiRnphYjZVY3giLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoib2dBckFKUmpcL2tyeUFrd0VEM0JvMUR0eUJKT0VHU1BTYlwvTENVTDYyNHlGYXQxWitpM09KRnF6a3luSElFT0pONXVpMkw0Zlhmc3dLRU5PQ2xIYlY1RVFGV3Y2NHl0YTlHMzduQ1k2c3hJWit0b2xSUkV0bnZ3WENzcWFYTXBJRmVoQWRLTkNLSUVXN1JWU0hPTEtoRkJtaVhPSVNjalVPS01lVmYrS1I0eUd0RjhxblJJXC9IXC9hNXo0dmJ2bDZNanFENGIzdEJQTlpIc3V0dTM0VWlsNTJyZ3ZIRUFqK2s4aUU0N2diWTRWSzdPQnNmWE9rd0VvUlNVdG9VTU5NTmV5VEJJb1NEbEJYM0xudSt5dUE2R3Vlak53V08yaitIWDFXa1JuTlVUS3k1Q2pUaGREcW1CNUNpbSttdmxmNzIxVUpGcUxiUnA5TktCRWY5V3Ntbkdtdz09In0=
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Football  UP COMING ",{03-15 - 20-12-2024} Spain - Segunda Division  Deportivo La Coruña vs CD Castellon (LALIGA TV Hypermotion)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Cricket  LIVE NOW ",{20-30 - 19-12-2024} 3rd Women's T20  India W vs West Indies W (Willow Xtra)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Cricket  LIVE NOW ",{20-30 - 19-12-2024} 3rd Women's T20  India W vs West Indies W (TNT Sports 1 UK)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Cricket  LIVE NOW ",{20-30 - 19-12-2024} 3rd Women's T20  India W vs West Indies W (Sky Sport 3 NZ)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Cricket  UP COMING ",{06-00 - 20-12-2024} Women's National Cricket League  Australian Capital Territory vs Queenslands (Sky Sport 3 NZ)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Cricket  UP COMING ",{06-00 - 20-12-2024} Women's National Cricket League  Victoria vs South Australia (Sky Sport 4 NZ)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Cricket  UP COMING ",{06-30 - 20-12-2024} 3rd T20  West Indies vs Bangladesh (TNT Sports 2 UK)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Cricket  UP COMING ",{06-30 - 20-12-2024} 3rd T20  West Indies vs Bangladesh (Sky Sport 1 NZ)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{23-20 - 19-12-2024} ORLEN Basket League  Dziki Warszawa vs Start Lublin (Polsat Sport 3 Poland)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{00-00 - 20-12-2024} EuroCup Women  Miskolc W vs Elitzur Ramla W Sport (5 Plus Israel)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoib05jM0pUS2EiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiVGlmblFSNDhzWStSU1dVWnZUZUZkeDhMOWlGM2VXMDlMNzIzSHpLK3JlQWpJRW1BOW93Y2hPSUtJYTRITHNOdW90TFM1RTNRTUo5UnZBenpQRzE5dkRjSkQwTDZ2N09QNWpacnlRWno2NmpKT2Fnb2NMS0ZKTW95VG5Wd3NINExiREU4a1hDTjZ6TjZaTStoNk4zc25OVmxPc0pZU3NmbGJcL2trUzVweFdReitqS1BrM2FZQWswMlZCK2lHVkZRaERvOFV6VGhHSkl2dnFlaDFnOEpiTXZzSWFwa01JbFBuTjlOT0RXZTlTcisxVkowWUFndXBXZjhhc0t0UVNDUXR5NllIbk90MFhQYVNKZUJReFNRTm53UnVneHRjN3M3bVhRbnVFbnIzXC95WisrOW1hN1FleHprUkM1dGR6cWdGM0x2VVJKMkdyeDZwMmlySHJMUCt3T0E9PSJ9
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{00-00 - 20-12-2024} NBA G League Basketball Winter Showcase Tip-Off Greensboro Swarm vs. South Bay Lakers (ESPNU USA)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{00-45 - 20-12-2024} Euroleague  Panathinaikos BC vs. Baskonia Vitoria-Gasteiz (Magenta Sport 302)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{00-45 - 20-12-2024} Euroleague  Panathinaikos BC vs. Baskonia Vitoria-Gasteiz (Movistar Deportes ES)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{00-45 - 20-12-2024} Euroleague  Panathinaikos BC vs. Baskonia Vitoria-Gasteiz (Nova Sports Prime Greece)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiNHpEcWxKUjIiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiajFJN3VpVVl6dXhsTTdWcHBIQ3VBbldZR1wvZWg3eit1QVwvajc3MloxVk1HMTY4b05ST2xtYWIwMUo1NWo1VHFoZFhLWkJzR01IR1ZsWGdcL3FYNHZFS0pqT05PVyticmJUWFhCZ3dLWTJVN1JBS3dqblh0amxPbHNucDZ0dktKMzRUWUdcL1ZsbHJCaVNwUnJXa2p6eisrU1JJNmdYeUJ0dkhFYXdmbXBcL243aVhsK25cL3c3M2d2S29qWkdxMGdZZFZzVURmV3BcL2JOMnFzdTEyWGpSa1ZjTEU1anhaNXFXQVwvK08zbU80RmFWYXBOMVdndzdQR01cLzdnU21CbnBmXC9hYktjaU9cLzd2emh1WFZOZGQ2MG5LY3VrWGZJekNEM1JpbWN5VTZVU0xabVRCdzdOXC9sYzNYSU40RG01QUlZXC96OUkyUzNLdlR6RWlydDd2ajFXK2RldVA1UT09In0=
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{00-45 - 20-12-2024} Euroleague  Panathinaikos BC vs. Baskonia Vitoria-Gasteiz (MAX Sport 2 Bulgaria)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{00-45 - 20-12-2024} Euroleague  Panathinaikos BC vs. Baskonia Vitoria-Gasteiz (Sport Klub 3 Serbia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{00-45 - 20-12-2024} Euroleague  Panathinaikos BC vs. Baskonia Vitoria-Gasteiz (Sport 5 Live Israel)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{01-00 - 20-12-2024} NBA G League Basketball Winter Showcase Tip-Off Stockton Kings vs Iowa Wolves (NBA TV USA)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{02-15 - 20-12-2024} Iceland Basketball Premier League  Keflavik vs Thor Thorlakshofn (Stöð 2 Sport 5)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{02-30 - 20-12-2024} Euroleague  Paris Basketball vs. Fenerbahce Istanbul (Magenta Sport 303)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{02-30 - 20-12-2024} Euroleague  Paris Basketball vs. Fenerbahce Istanbul (Movistar Deportes 3 ES)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{02-30 - 20-12-2024} Euroleague  Paris Basketball vs. Fenerbahce Istanbul (Nova Sports Start Greece)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{02-30 - 20-12-2024} Euroleague  Paris Basketball vs. Fenerbahce Istanbul (Sport Klub 2 Serbia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{02-30 - 20-12-2024} Euroleague  Paris Basketball vs. Fenerbahce Istanbul (Sport 5 Plus Israel)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{02-30 - 20-12-2024} EuroCup Women  Uni Girona W vs Campobasso W (Esport 3 Spain)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{02-30 - 20-12-2024} NBA G League Basketball Winter Showcase Tip-Off Grand Rapids Gold vs. Oklahoma City Blue (ESPNU USA)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{02-45 - 20-12-2024} Euroleague  Real Madrid vs. AS Monaco (Magenta Sport 304)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{02-45 - 20-12-2024} Euroleague  Real Madrid vs. AS Monaco (M+ #Vamos ES)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiVmtwS1QyUEwiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiSUVSZkdTT1JxazVFVWE0NkJUMnJ4bGt3N1o2a1RIdXpxWHF4TzFmTENxeVwvZzRCVFJCb2dVZHo1eExNSzZJb3N5b2VmSFcwbktxY2RsTmc5SFRaNm42V24rdlZ4OHRKNExUbXJvNEI0eVFFMlRSSHp4YWprRGxpenJxTkFOeDZQSWNBQWtOXC80OUE2aFpGWnptQ3MzMGdnVWQxZzV5b2doQVhZdlQ3VGNwK3N1Z2g2UmdFRDk3TUlDeWRBMEcxcEFOd256bW16WnZSbXlnMEx3UWltbVQ5OEZYNmNIblczOWppV3VTTWgzY2c0cGVqbGpXSFpBdmZ3U2RyR3pVWHJZN1MwYkFpZVZYajcrZUdlMFdMSVZybU9oMDlBVVFBZHVLNFgwRk1kQlE1cXE2UXBUdHZWZVlWU21iUDhqK2xNbDhlNmFnT3dvTTBYTDgxdkRiS0dOWFE9PSJ9
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{02-45 - 20-12-2024} Euroleague  Real Madrid vs. AS Monaco (Nova Sports 4 Greece)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{02-45 - 20-12-2024} Euroleague  Real Madrid vs. AS Monaco (MAX Sport 1 Bulgaria)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{02-45 - 20-12-2024} Euroleague  Real Madrid vs. AS Monaco (Sport Klub 1 Serbia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{02-45 - 20-12-2024} Euroleague  Real Madrid vs. AS Monaco (Sport 5 Live Israel)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{03-30 - 20-12-2024} NBA G League Basketball Winter Showcase Tip-Off Raptors 905 vs. Rio Grande Valley Vipers (NBA TV USA)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{05-00 - 20-12-2024} NBA G League Basketball Winter Showcase Tip-Off Capital City Go-Go vs. Sioux Falls (Skyforce ESPNews)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{05-00 - 20-12-2024} NCAA  Norfolk State vs Alabama State (ESPNU USA)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{05-00 - 20-12-2024} NCAA  Norfolk State vs Alabama State (Sky Sports Mix UK)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{05-00 - 20-12-2024} NCAA  Norfolk State vs Alabama State (Sport Klub 2 Serbia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Basketball  UP COMING ",{05-30 - 20-12-2024} Nbb  Unifacisa vs Fortaleza (Sportv3 Brazil)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Volleyball  UP COMING ",{23-30 - 19-12-2024} PlusLiga  Cuprum Stilon Gorzów vs PGE GiEK Skra Bełchatów (Polsat Sport 1 Poland)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Volleyball  UP COMING ",{23-30 - 19-12-2024} PlusLiga  Cuprum Stilon Gorzów vs PGE GiEK Skra Bełchatów (Sport Klub HD Serbia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoiRTFxdDVtQUoiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiTHNcL0V3YzltZ3VPUTdMb1pCMVZ1R2VGRTYxckRLcXRNMWhlcUpjK3kwblpxM1E4SmZ1dXNYZHdWbHkzMXRYa3JHaHl0NzJLZW52NUtZNG5YQ1llSGtwYVFJODVVTmNpUkpJMnE5cEVsVXBQYmV3d3ZwZys4a0NLbXJ4bjQwTW5YUFlJQ2VGa1NEU3A4ck5xUlRiQXI4UWcxaDlSWkgrUVlrV2VBbzZmbGZ4UjU3cFwvTU5jSjdCaTZVK2ZUZGE0YVwvTGdROWZ4OTFcL0hkSURVbjNrbVo4V2s2bnRSZG43NWpZbmp5dkp4aitQS3FIXC9pWmhHQkV4aUtVVDRMbUl1S3ppQlZMZnZhVURkT2pYQmtXNWVoY2FWaHBibnJsSWtacmtKXC9yQXdQUEJ3VFFsbDF2QkZxbVJIajNLVHBua2hsU1F6Zkdpa3IxMmcxaG1wakVyVVJxWHJnPT0ifQ==
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Volleyball  UP COMING ",{02-00 - 20-12-2024} Champions League  Perugia vs St. Nazaire (Zona DAZN Italy)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Volleyball  UP COMING ",{02-00 - 20-12-2024} Champions League  Perugia vs St. Nazaire (CT Sport Czech HD)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Volleyball  UP COMING ",{02-00 - 20-12-2024} Champions League  Perugia vs St. Nazaire (Sky Sport Arena IT)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Volleyball  UP COMING ",{02-30 - 20-12-2024} Challenge Cup  Lube Civitanova vs Karadjordje Topola (Arena Sport 7 Serbia)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Volleyball  UP COMING ",{04-30 - 20-12-2024} Superliga Masculina De Vôlei  Blumenau vs Cruzeiro (Sportv2 Brazil)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Volleyball  UP COMING ",{06-30 - 20-12-2024} Women's College Volleyball NCAA Tournament Louisville vs Pittsburgh (ESPN USA)
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Turkish Cup - LIVE NOW" referer="https://ezembed.me/",Erzincanspor vs Corum Belediyespor - 2024-12-19 21:00:00
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://ezembed.me/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Turkish Cup - LIVE NOW" referer="https://ezembed.me/",Erzincanspor vs Corum Belediyespor - 2024-12-19 21:00:00
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://ezembed.me/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Turkish Cup - LIVE NOW" referer="https://ezembed.me/",Genclerbirligi vs Kasimpasa - 2024-12-19 21:00:00
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://ezembed.me/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Turkish Cup - LIVE NOW" referer="https://ezembed.me/",Genclerbirligi vs Kasimpasa - 2024-12-19 21:00:00
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://ezembed.me/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Indian League Division 1 - LIVE NOW" referer="https://ezembed.me/",Gokulam Kerala FC vs Rajasthan United FC - 2024-12-19 20:30:00
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://ezembed.me/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Indian League Division 1 - LIVE NOW" referer="https://ezembed.me/",Gokulam Kerala FC vs Rajasthan United FC - 2024-12-19 20:30:00
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://ezembed.me/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Italian Campionato Primavera 1 - LIVE NOW" referer="https://ezembed.me/",Bologna U20 vs Verona U20 - 2024-12-19 21:00:00
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://ezembed.me/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Italian Campionato Primavera 1 - LIVE NOW" referer="https://ezembed.me/",Bologna U20 vs Verona U20 - 2024-12-19 21:00:00
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://ezembed.me/

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Jordan Premier League - LIVE NOW" referer="https://ezembed.me/",Moghayer Al Sarhan vs Al Hussein Irbid - 2024-12-19 21:00:00
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=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|Referer=https://ezembed.me/
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Jordan Premier League - LIVE NOW" referer="https://ezembed.me/",Moghayer Al Sarhan vs Al Hussein Irbid - 2024-12-19 21:00:00
https://bernadya.koyeb.app/play.m3u8?ch=eyJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjoibjlsV3JrR2MiLCJyZWZyZXNoX3Rva2VuIjoiNktreVhLWkFxOW5iK1hNRVN5ZzBwYjJHT21ISWJvaEFldjZDdHk4bHFwZFhYK3JVcE1ZQjFRWnlKVFhFNk85MTA1ZDdJaFVTSnNcL2dIdk9sdXppYzVOXC84amhCcjF2aW04emFvRFc3bDlORnY3aWRnUGNCR0FzMUh6djNBMzAyYkhZVmNLbXlTZ1JtZkFoT3d4cnczaVU5NEVLSGM0eXFIY1ZKU0tXY3hzY2l6a0R5VXZRXC9VY2NiTlVjTnY3R1RsNGI0cWgzUHh2M0t3ckpDSmdSc1oyN1Rha1VCR1dubDM1ZHc1dmxcL2xNQkZ3UThRN3FSeEpGdjdDelwvSTdwWEtjRXNtOHdVRkpuWW5WZ1M1SjNTbjNtcmdwYkRxYTU1T0FnTWlLclpUWTNoUWtoQmY2WmE0TTN6aFlRbFhwUUozVjFnUkU4dDN4V3U2OXBPKzVhelRqdlJBSnJRb2VoVUsycUZyY1l1RVhNXC9RPSJ9|Referer=https://ezembed.me/
